Why hasn't the transaction I did arrive yet?
I would like to know how my friend would be able to send me money
What is the reason for my beneficiary to be disallowed?
My withdrawal is pending, why?
Why did I get charged for a transfer?
Can I use my account before the identity verification is complete?
How long does a top-up take to go through?
Are you located in other countries?
Hello I made a bank account transfer from the UK. The transfer was a couple hours ago, nothing has shown up yet.  Can you check to see if everything okay. Please.
I thought I left my card at a restaurant, but they claim not to have it and now I don't have any idea where it is. I'm so worried that someone might be using it fraudulently. Is there any way to look into this?
Do i have to verify who I am?
Can I let other people have access to my account in order to top up?
I want to get my hands on one of those virtual cards!
My top up isn't in my wallet.
how many transactions can go on a disposable card?
how do i cancel my account
There has been a charge pending on my account statement that I can't figue out it's for a dollar.
Is a physical charge extra
A Bank ATM did not give my card back. What do I do now?
What types of top-up methods do you accept?
What needs to be provided for identity verification?
The top-up card is verified how?
Is my country's currency supported by your system?
Hey I double checked that I have the correct account details already, they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending since forever. It's not that difficult to transfer money to another country in 2018 is it?
My account shows a direct debit charge that I have never seen before
May I reactivate my card? I previously reported it lost, but have now found it safe and sound.
Why did you charge me extra when I withdrew cash?
How do I get Top Up to work in Apple Pay?
My cash transaction isn't showing on my receipt
I contacted a seller about a refund last week but he still hasn't returned my money. I am frustrated and need these funds. Please help me get my money back.
I have been charged a fee, I didn't know about this fee before! When do you charge extra for card payments?
How do i find my top-up card's verification code?
Is it possible to exchange currencies on the app?
Are there downsides to using a disposable virtual cards?
How long does it take for me to get my new card?
Where do I go to order my card?
can you express my card to me?
why isnt my cash withdrawal showing
Why is a transfer I did recently still processing?
What is happening?  I have tried to transfer money 5x already.  Is the system down?  This shouldnt be happening as this is a basic transfer.
How do I get the passcode reset?
I cannot use my PIN.
I saw a payment come out of my account for a merchant I don't remember.
Do you have EUR currency available for me?
I need you to stop the transfer I just started as soon as possible, I just realized it's not correct!
I payed with the card and there was an extra fee?
I've never been to that store.  That's a fraudulent charge.
i dont recognize a charge on my card
I have a payment that I didn't make.
Which card would I get, Visa or Mastercard?
Is there any fees associated with receiving money with this account?
My salary comes in GBP can I change my options somewhere?
Where do I go to edit my personal details on my account?
Where can I find out where my funds came from?
Do I have to manually top-up my account each time or will it do it on its own?
How long is the delivery to the US?
I want a physical card
I see a reverted payment on my account. Why has this happened?
Where can i exchange between GBP and USD
What is the procedure for topping up with a cheque?
Someone has been using my card. There are unfamiliar transactions on there. Can you freeze the card to keep this from happening?
I just bought an item and would like to stop payment can you tell me if the item has been sent yet?
I would like to cancel a transfer...is this possible?
My wallet was stolen and all my credit cards were in there.  HELP?!!?
Can you tell me which cards and currencies are supported?
Is there a limit to the number of disposable cards per day?
I need help with some transactions in my account that I dont recognize or remember purchasing. Im not sure if the name is just different or what. Should my card be put on hold while the issue gets figured out to be safe or is it ok?
I don't know how to verify my identity.
Why has my account balance not changed after depositing a cheque?
I was supposed to get a refund but I do not see it.
Can I use the apple watch to make a top-up?
How long will a transaction to a friend take?
Changing my PIN
It looks like my card payment might have been reverted.
How do I get my refund back?
How do you check my identity?
Hoe do i use my credit card to transfer money?
Can I have another card in addition to my first one?
I have not seen any changes in my account balance(s) after making a transfer.
What's the deal with verifying the top-up?
Why does my statement show an extra fee?
I must make several disposable cards per day.
My throwaway virtual card won't work
Do exchanges cost more?
why do i have a failed transfer
I need to activate my card, how is that done?
How can I get a refund for a purchase?
How can I go about resetting my passcode?
Help! When will the card arrive at my home?
I blocked my card by mistake, how do I unblock it?
Why haven't I seen the cash from the cheque I deposited yet?
I'm confused. My contactless is suddenly not working anywhere that I try to use it. How do I fix it?
My money transfer has not yet occurred
How do I reactivate a card I thought I lost?
Please let me know how to change my PIN?
The ATM didn't give me enough money! I asked for more than it gave. What do I do?
I was so embarrassed. Why didn't my payment clear?
How is the exchange rate calculated?
Disaster, I've totally forgotten my passcode, can you help me?
Do you have info about the card on delivery?
Can my account be topped up by my friends?
I got a message saying I made a withdrawal from the bank machine, but I did not.
I think I have an extra transfer charge.
Can I exchange my money for EUR?
I already have an account. Why can't I use it unless my identity is verified?
There was a direct debit I don't recognize.
Explain the payment that was declined!
Are there limits to businesses that will accept this card?
My topup got reverted. Please let me know if there is any issue in system.
Why have I not received my PIN
Why was I not able to take cash from the ATM?
Do you supply both Visa and Mastercard?
I cannot find my refund on my statement.
What fiduciary currencies are supported for tenure and exchange?
I was wondering, Can I get my pay in another currency?
I was not distributed the correct amount of cash that I asked for
What do I need to do to perform identity checks?
Will I get charged for sending out more cards?
Where can I find information about where my money came from?
How long does it take to receive my card?
Do I need to add my salary?
I got double charged!
I was charged multiple times at the same location at the same time
I need to transfer funds from China and quick expedition is crucial. Approximately how long does it take for a transfer from China to go through?
My card couldn't pay in a shop.
I am seeing in the App a some cash withdrawal that does not belong to me
Have you started charging for cash withdrawals? I always thought it was free until I noticed this fee. How much is the fee?
How can I solve my issue with holding multiple currencies?
Weird Direct Debit payment
I would like to make sure it is delivered on a certain date.
Why was there an extra charge when I transferred money?
Can you tell me what the cash withdrawal is in my statement?
I got charged for with a fee for paying with my card.
When I exchanged currencies the value of my money changed.
What steps are taken to transfer money into my account?
How can I change USD to GBP?
help my money isnt showing up
Does my top up and apple pay work together?
Is it possible to order another card?
Are all European currencies available for holding and exchange?
Is there a topping up limit?
I thought you offer crypto top up but it doesn't seem to be right ? Money just disappeared from my account, How it would work ?
If I want a friend to top off my account, can they?
Hi, Could you please help me as someone has stolen my wallet few hours ago. And a withdrawal is made, please help immediately. As i don't want to suffer more.
Is topping up unlimited?
No option to top up with a cheque ?

Where can I use my card?
Why do you need so much information about my identity?
Is there a reason my payment is still pending?
When can I expect the transfer to arrive in my account?
How far is the closest ATM from me?
I tried to get money out of the Notting Hill ATM earlier, but I wasn't able to get it to work. Is my card with issue? It's the first time I tried using it.
Is there a specific date it can be delivered by?
I made a payment but the app gave the money back.
My refund is not showing.
Where is my money that I transfered?!
Help, I was charged twice!
My payment has been declined several times.  Can you help me?
Is there a fee for sending out more cards?
There is a direct debit charge on my account that is not mine.
Why is it required to verify my identity?
I got my card now, how do I make it show up in the app?
What is the charge for topping up a card?
I was declined when I tried to withdraw cash!
I was charged an extra dollar on my account and would like to know the reason.
The machine didn't work earlier when I went to get money out and now my account says transaction in progress.Why?
Can I track the card that was just sent to me?
A pending charge of 1L appears on my statement.  Please explain as I have not made a purchase for that amount
I need to change my data.
How do I know which countries you provide service in?
What are the acceptable currencies for adding funds?
I tried to top-up, why didn't it work?
What does it mean when it says I have a payment pending?
Can I pay more to get it deliver quicker?
There's a payment in the app I don't recognize.
What's going on? I was just recently charged for an ATM withdrawal. I've never seen this charge before and before it's always been free.
If you are waiting for verification, it can take 10 minutes to 60 minutes to get results.You will hear from us once we have it.  Please make sure your images are clear and photos of documents are readable. you have to be at least 18 years old and live withing the Economic Area of Europe or in Switzerland in order to open an account.
My cash deposit from a week ago is still not in my account. Can you help me please?
Please tell me how I can receive a physical card
How can I dispute a debit transaction?
My card no longer works.
How many disposable cards can I have at one time?
Is it possible to have an item refunded?
What do I do if my smart phone was stolen?
I tried to withdraw cash and got declined, why is that?
Please verify my source of funds.
I transferred some cash and it didn't arrive
When can I expect my card?
Is it possible for a person who lives in the US to get a card?
The cash I got at the ATM is still in my account.
Do I get Visa or Mastercard?
I wanted to take out $100 but I only got $20.
How would I use a bank transfer for topping my account?
I am having trouble activating my card.
Is it possible to get both Mastercard and Visa card from you?
I want to start using my card, how do I activate it?
Am I permitted to have a spare card?
I topped up but it isn't in my account
Where do you get those exchange rates?
How long does it actually take for a card payment to go through? There's one stuck since a couple of days already that doesn't seem to move
Do you know how to change my card PIN?
i live in portugal. do you operate here?
I made a payment and it appears it is showing twice
My top up didn't go through
How come my card payment is still pending?
If I were to use a European bank card for a top up, will I incur a charge?
How would I change my details?
What are the currencies and cards that are supported with my account?
Where do I activate my card?
I'm still awaiting for the completion of the transaction.
I'm noticing a payment/purchase at a company that I don't recognise.
how long does it take to transfer money, my retailer is waiting
What should I do after I've moved and need to update my personal details?
I am not happy with your service and request that my account be terminated!
I made a purchase with my card and I was charged a fee for using it
Is there a reason for my top up to be cancelled?
I need to change a transfer.
What are the reasons for a declined transfer?
How do I delete my account now
I have been charged a fee for getting cash
I'm having money transferred from Europe, how long will this take?
Can you tell me what is wrong ? I top-up with you all the time but this time it just shows my top-up as pending. What is happening?
I punched in the wrong pin too many times and I'm locked out.
Can I add money to my account via bank transfer?
When I went to withdraw cash today the ATM gave me the wrong amount of cash. The app is showing a larger amount.
I paid with card and I was charged a fee
I need to transfer something from China, How long will it take?
Where can the cards be delivered?
How do the foreign exchange rates work?
i needed money for a night out with the girls but i was declined, why?
Why does my identity need to be verified?
Where is my pin? I don't have it yet
Where will I get my card?
I was charged the wing amount for an item.
The app is showing a direct debit transaction that I did not perform
I believe i was charged for making a withdrawal after i went grocery shopping. Are you guys charging for this now?
Can I use American Express?
My card payment is just showing up as pending and it has been a while , what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
Where do I find my code to verify my top-up card?
Can I receive my card anywhere?
What do I have to do to get the virtual card to work?
What happens when I am charged twice?
What if my top up didn't work?
Do you think you're asking for too much information about me?
can I top up an apple pay?
I think I was charged twice, please help!
Any charges applicable for new card?
Is there a longer processing time for international bank transfers?
I want a refund
My bag got stolen with all my cards. Can you please cancel my card and send a new one?
My card did not work at store.
How do I withdraw money?
Is American Express supported for adding funds?
What are disposable virtual cards?
I could not get a top-up to work, why?
The amount of exchange was not correct for the item i bought.
Why did the app deny my top-up?
My contactless stopped working today for no good reason. It's not working no matter where I try to use it. Can you please help me fix it?
Hi, I made a transfer from France two days ago and thought it would be here by now. Can you give me an update please?
Are there only certain ATM machines where I can use this card?
My app shows cash I didn't get.
Can I top up with cash
Is there a number to call to get my pin unblocked?
If I find a card I lost do I need to dispose of it? Or can I re-active the card and continue to use it?
What's the maximum amount I can top up my card with please?
What do I do if the ATM took my card?
How long until transfers from Europe go through?
I did a transfer to my account, but it hasn't shown up
I want to add money to my international card, so are there any fees charged to do this?
Please help!  There was an extra fee when I got cash.
Please help me.  I am still waiting on a refund.
I used my pin too many times.
How and where can I find the identity checks?
I think I may have been charged $1 extra on my app.  Could you provide some insight as to why this may have happened?
I saw that my transfer was declined.
If my top-up didn't transfer, what went wrong?
Is ordering a new card from China available?
Can you help me? I have a duplicate transaction on my account and I don't understand why.
Am I charged a fee to transfer funds?
Will I have to pay extra to exchange money?
Transfer was declined, could not complete request.
My card payment was reverted, why?
What is this fee debit on my account?
Do you charge a fee for topping up a card?
I accidentally made a payment from the wrong account yesterday. It's my rent payment, and it's very large, so the account I paid from won't be able to cover the amount. It's really important that the payment be made from the right account?
I withdrew cash but it still shows as pending?
I tried to buy something online yesterday and was told declined. I got the same error today after trying again. What is the problem?
What do I do to lock my phone after losing it so my account isn't accessed
Do I need to verify my top-up?
I can't log into my account because I lost my password
How do I stop fraud to my card?
I've changed my mind on an item.  How do I get a refund?
I have my card here with me and someone has just made a withdrawal for 500. Please help!
What should I do to top up using my Apple Watch?
Hi,  I have transferred money but beneficiary's account is credited with less amount. Now i have transfer the difference of the amount. I think there is some issue, could you please look into this.
I need to know what charges I will incur for using a European card for top up.
My card has been pending for a while, what should I do?
I need my card topped up,
Please specify any limitations that come along with disposable cards.
How old do you need to be to have an account?
Can I revive a physical card.
Can this app take my salary?
What type of ID do you accept?
Why would my transfer result in a decline message?
Why was I charged for cash withdrawal?
My payment had a wrong exchange rate.
Why is it necessary to verify the top up?
What if I need my salary in another currency?
If I lost my phone, how can I stop someone from accessing my account through the app?
I bought a product a week ago, but may need to return it.
Was my card payment reverted?
Do I need any kind of proof for the identity check?
I'm interested in getting a card. How does one go about doing that?
I'm in the EU. Can I get one of your cards?
I just found a payment from a while back in my account that I didn't make.  Can I still dispute it even though it was a couple of months ago?
My top up is incomplete.
The exchange rate you are using is really bad. This can't possibly be the official interbank exchange rate.
The ATM didn't give me what I asked for but my balance says it did
Tell me how I can verify a card top-up.
How do I track the card you sent to me?
What systems do you have in place for my security when using my card for everyday purchases?
Why was my account assessed a fee for an ATM transaction?
Why is the exchange rate on my card wrong?
Help me cancel a transfer.
I see cash withdrawal activity in the app that is not mine.
Is there a function where I can top-up automatically?
I have gone through my statements and noticed there is a large payment that I did not make. Can i still dispute the payment? its been a while
I would like to receive instructions showing the verification process for top up cards..
I deposited a check yesterday to up my account balance, but that deposit hasn't shown up yet.  It's been a day already!
My latest payment was declined! What happened! I was told everything had been resolved and was back to working order again.
As I double checked that I have the correct account details that i submitted , they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending so far.
Could you tell me why my top up isn't showing in my wallet?
What do I do if my card was stolen.
My credit card payment has been in pending status for a super long time.  I don't get it.  Why is it like this?  When will it go through?
Please explain the fee on a transfer I made.
How much can I top up in a day?
My transfer was not approved
What about an auto top-up, is that a option?
What do I do to unblock my PIN?
I paid with a card and there is an extra charge. Why?
How do I get my money back for something I bought?
Can someone please help assist me by explaining to me why my pass-code is not working?
My top-up was declined
I deposited a check a few days ago and it's still not gone in! Please help me with this
Is verifying my identify important?
My phone was stolen! What do I need to do?
What about a auto top-up?
My top up was rejected. Why?
I am seeing a direct debit I wasn't aware of.
my transfer isn't there
Help me delete my account.  I am not satisfied with the service.
How come my transfer got declined
Am I able to Top Up with Apply Pay?
The first payment I attempted for my card at the store earlier did not process so I had to make a second attempt. The second time it worked. It now appears I was charged twice. After looking at the app I see a pending charge. Please remove the pending amount because it is clearly not accurate and was declined.
I took out some cash from the ATM but it is still showing the transaction is pending.
I have been charged a pound for something that appears on my statement
I do not recognize the card payment.
Can I cancel a transaction?
Is there always a charge when withdrawing money?
A payment that I didn't make appears in my app.
I cannot see a refund in my account
Why was there an extra charge because I used my card to pay?
Can I request a refund
I am calling because the ATM didn't give me the right amount of cash, but my app shows the actual amount I wanted to withdraw. What should I do to get my money back?
What should I do if I can't use my card?
Is there extra fees for making a withdraw in a different country at a cash machine.
I need mastercard as well as visa
Can I use this app for both USD and GBP?
I deposited a cheque a week ago but have yet to receive the cash.
When will I get my card shipped to me?
When did I get a $1 extra fee on my statement?
Are there any discounts for frequent currency exchanges?
the exchange rate I got for cash was wrong
My card was charged more than expected.
how to exchange currencies
I don't see the transaction I made to a friend on my account.
I need to terminate my account.
I received my new card.  Where is it in the app?
Where do I find my PIN for my new card?
How many times can I enter a wrong PIN before it is blocked?
Is there a fee to top up a US card using a debit or credit card?
I have a US credit card, will you accept it?
I made a mistake and performed a transaction on the wrong account!
Hello, I have a pending transaction in my account due to an ATM machine that wasn't working. In any case if the transaction goes through, after how long can I get my money back?
Is there any cost to change foreign money to local?
I misplaced my phone so I can't use the app! Does this mean I can't use my card?
Please explain why my top-up didn't go through.
How can I receive my salary with a different currency?
Can you explain the transfer fee that I was charged?
Should I be seeing a fee applied for my money transfer?
When will the check I deposited post to my account?
Why isn't my top up showing?  Was the money reversed?
The app declined my top up. What did I do wrong?
How long does the "pending" period of a transfer take?
Does Apple Watch support the topping-off of my account?
How many top-ups am I allowed to do?
Why was my withdrawal declined
My transfer failed to process correctly. Is there a reason this would happen?
What happens if my card expires?
Do you have any accounts for children ?
I have used all my PIN tries, what now?
My credit card has been declined.
The transfer keeps failing , I tried to transfer some money to friends this morning but it keeps getting rejected for some reason, Would you please check the issue?
Please send a new card; the ATM ate mine.
How do I exchange currencies using the app?
I pulled cash from the ATM earlier. Why is it still pending if I already have the cash?
Are there any restrictions for the disposable cards?
what steps do you take to check identity
Hello I changed my mind and really need a refund on one of things I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. Pls it's urgent
Why isn't top-up working? My top-up money disappeared after I saw that it was successfully transferred. Is it gone? Where did it go?
Why am I being charged a fee on a card payment?
Are there steps to see where my funds come from?
I didn't cancel my top-up.
Can I automatically top-up when traveling?
I'm going on holiday to France for 6 weeks with my family and the cat, Fluffy.  I just purchased €10,000 from a currency exchange to ensure we don't run short but there appears to be a fee.  What is this for?
Is there a charge for a physical card?
My phone is at the hotel.  How can I use the app?
Please help me unblock my pin which I put the wrong one too many times.
What was the issue with my topping up?
I heard you have an auto-top up option, where do I find that?
I want to choose a new PIN.
want to know where funds come from
Currently my card is broken.
My transfer failed to a beneficiary
What is the process when my card is due to expire?
I transferred money and it didn't get there.
My card was stolen and used to make several purchases. Please freeze my card so no one can use it.
My new card needs activating.
on my statement there is a payment that I don't recognise
Why are you charging me fees for using my card?
I think I was charged extra on my payment on last Saturday.  Maybe the exchange rate was wrong?  I'd like a refund.
What is the verification process used for?
What happened to my top-up? It was all done and now it's gone! Are you having problems with your system?
I'm not sure how disposable virtual cards work. Please help.
What is the longest a US transfer should take to appear in my account?
How to modify my details.
Why didn't I receive the right amount of cash?
my atm transaction was wrong
I was able to find my card. How to I go about putting it into my app?
Are SWIFT Transfers available at this bank?
Everything I have was stolen yesterday making it so I don't have access to the app, what should I do?
The disposable cards - what are they for?
Can someone in the US have a card?
need to know places i can withdraw money
Is it possible to have a second card?
My card isn't here yet.
My PIN has been blocked.
Hi I've been trying to top up my card for the past day but it gets declined, I need it topped up urgently! Can somebody get back to me to resolve this or explain any different ways I can top up my card?
I only received $20, but I requested $100.
Why is a transfer I have still pending?
I could only take the amount of money that was available to me which was less then I expected.
I need to cancel my recent transfer. I made a mistake. Please help quickly before the transfer goes through.
I can't verify my ID. Why?
Will my card be a MasterCard or a Visa?
Can I give a second card for this account to my daughter?
extra fees on a cash withdrawal, not cool.
How do I go about getting an actual card?
Are these cards available in europe?
While on vacation in Spain I think someone saw my PIN and I now need to change it, can I do this at an ATM in Spain?
I wish to be able to top up with cash.
I would like to report an issue with my product and want to get it refunded
when will my transfer arrive
What is the max amount of disposable cards I'm allowed.
What caused my top-up to be returned?
I have been charged two times for one transaction.
Can I get information on topping up?
top up by my card is that possible?
Does my account have the option to hold multiple currencies?
The balance has not been updated.
When I topped up the app reverted it.
I lost my wallet and all my cards were in it.
I tried to get cash at some ATM in the city centre earlier but the machine declined my card. I've seen it still shows up as pending in my account. Please cancel it immediately as I definitely have not received that money!
Why did I get declined when trying to get cash?
While transferring money, its getting error out as my transfer is not possible. Please help me in this as earlier i was able to do it successfully.
Hi, I was looking over my card receipts for the past week and I realize I had a charge put through two times for the same single restaurant visit. Can one of the charges be removed so that I can get the money back that was mistakenly taken from my account?
Hi, is everything in good standing with my card? I am receiving multiple "decline" messages.
oh my god I lost my card! what should I do?
Can I transfer something urgently from China? How long does it take?
Is there a way to set up an auto top-up?
Is there a fee for currency exchange?
My top-up hasn't gone through, what happened?
Does it cost me to add cash?
My phone was left behind.  Can I still use my card?
My card payment reverted back, I think.
Can you change my currency to EUR?
How do i cancel a charge?
I believe there is a mistake because a payment I didn't make shows in my app.
Where is the nearest Mastercard ATM?
I cannot tell what my top up currently is.
Hi! I'm a university student studying abroad and I noticed that when I was trying to cross-reference my budget for this month that there were extra fees I was not expecting. Why is that? I've had this account for years and I haven't had any trouble so far, it might not even be on your all's end since I'm still new to international travel and finance, but I wanted to double check in case a mistake was made!
How do I get a new card when my old one expires?
How do you decide what your exchange rates are?
There was a purchase on my card recently to a name that I don't recognize at all. What can be done about this? I need my money back.
How long does a transfer from the United Kingdom take? I haven't seen it show up yet in my bank account and want to make sure I get the transfer.
It has been forever ago that I made an order online. The product simply is not coming. Just give me back my money because I'm not paying these people.
can i get a card if i live in the US?
When traveling, is it possible for it to add money at specific time intervals?
Can I start an account for my kids?
How fast can you fix an error in payment?  I made a payment in the wrong account yesterday and it needs to be adjusted by tomorrow for my rent.
Why is there a direct debit set up in my name?
How do I go about ordering another card?
I need to check status as my friend hasn't got money I sent.
Is it possible to get one the your cards in the EU?
Is there a top-up fee if you add money in USD?
What is the time frame that it usually takes for a transfer to come through? I have a friend needing it immediately but it has yet to come through.
I want to activate my new card.
Is there a reason why there is an extra £1 charge on my account?
I need a second card, can I have more than one?
How long will it take for a bank transfer to show up on my account? It's been a couple hours but I havnt seen anything yet. Also it's from a UK account if that makes any difference.
Why was I charged an extra fee when using the card?
Can I use this app for any currency?
My new landlord says he hasn't received the rent payment that I transferred a couple days ago. I've already checked the account numbers and they are correct. Can you tell me what's going on with this transaction that the transfer isn't showing up on my landlord's end?
Can anyone else top-up for me?
I am seeing in the app, some cash witdhrawals that I did not authorize.
Why did you charge me extra?
what is the amount of disposable cards I can have?
What is the procedure for me to get more cards on my account?
How can i get new card?
would I need to pay extra for exchanging currencies?
Can I have a Visa card?
How many times can I make a top-up?
Can you please tell me why I was charged an extra fee on my transfer?
Google Pay isn't working. What is wrong?
Why do I need to verify my account?
The ATM machine ate my card.
I would like a disposable virtual card, could I get one?
How do i set up auto top-up?
What is the timeframe for a transfer in Europe?
What are the auto-top up policies?
What happens with the duplicate charge in my account?
How did you guys get your exchange rate?
I found a charge on my debit that I did not make.
Whats the maximum disposable virtual cards?
How can I fix my contactless?
I did not get enough cash
How do I verify the top-up?
From which age can my kids use your service?
How do I get a new card as your machine swallowed mine!
Is there an extra fee for using an ATM?
How old does one need to be?
Where do I find our how to get a physical card?
There is a duplicate payment on my card. Why?
How can I change my address?
I'd like to discuss an order I placed quite a long time ago. I have yet to receive it and am growing upset.  I want a refund as I now refuse to pay for the product.
I have a trasnger that is pending and wondered about it.
After I deposited my cash, I still don't see it in my account.
What  is the verification process for a top up card?
Please help me change my PIN.
Can you give me info about what to do when my card expires?
I need to hold money, what currencies can I use?
How long does it typically take for a pending ATM withdrawal to clear?
Does the package with my card have tracking?
Why did I get a fee for getting cash?
I need a refund. This is not what i wanted.
I needed some cash while abroad, and I'm pretty sure the wrong exchange rate was applied.
What is the exchange fee that is charged?
I need urgent help. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number. I made a typo. Please cancel the transfer now. There isn't an option from the app.
I still haven't received my card after two weeks, is it lost?
I lost my phone. What do I need to do?
Can I get an actual card
I'm interested in learning more about disposable virtual cards.
Please help me.  My card is missing.
I just got an error message saying my transfer is not possible? Why is that? I've transferred money before and it worked without problem
I have a question regarding the PIN of the card?
I'm still waiting for a money transfer to show.
Are there any hidden extra fees for currency exchanges?
Instead of GBP, how do I exchange for AUD?
I'm still waiting for my transaction.
I would like to re-activate my card, it was previously reported  lost but I found it this morning.
I wanted to know why i got an additional fee when i use my card.
My card hasn't been working when I try to use it.
I wanted to purchase some crypto. The app will not let me. What's going on here? I really want to make this exchange.
Over the holiday I withdrew cash from the ATM and it seems that I was severely overcharged. Had I known that I would be charged those fees, I would not have used the ATM!
Why is the exchange rate for my payment incorrect?
What are the rules for using disposable virtual cards?
My card got charged twice for the same thing!
When will the money from a transfer be made available on my account?
I  have been charged more than I should for the presents I bought  when abroad, the problem seems to be the exchange rate.
My top-up is not working. Why is that?
Can I unblock my pin using the app?
My card will expire soon, do I need to order a new one?
How many days to deliver to a US customer?
Do I get charged if I top up with my European bank card?
I am seeing in the App a payment that its not mine
I tried to make a purchase in the store but my card was declined.
Why was I charged an additional $1?
I used an ATM and wanted to know why I was charged an extra fee.
I am not satisfied with your company.  Close my account.
I would like to change my address.
Do I have to go somewhere to activate my card?
I tried to buy something online yesterday but it kept saying declined. Tried another time today but same thing happened. What's Broken?
I didn't receive the correct amount of cash when I exchanged it overseas.
I need more than one disposable card
I transferred money from the US, How long does it take?
I have made several unsuccessful attempts to make a transfer.  I'm getting frustrated at getting error messages and it not going through.
I don't think the exchange rate was right.
How to exchange my currency
My PIN got blocked, help.
Can you please assist me in completing a transfer? I'm trying and I keep getting an error. I'm trying to purchase a flat and pay the initial mortgage payment. All I keep getting is an error. Can you find out what's happening here?
Where can I use my Mastercard?
I have to verify my source of funds.
I put money in my account a week ago but its still not there, what is happening?
I returned an item but don't see it on my account?
Is it possible to get a card outside the UK?
I have arranged a transfer, but no longer need to send it. How do I stop the transfer?
I got the incorrect amount of money given to me from my account
Why isn't my id verifying?
What does it mean when a payment is pending?
ATMs, which ones will accept this card?
Someone stole my wallet a couple of hours ago now and they have taken money from my account. Is there any way that you can help so I won't lose any more of my money.
Is the exchange rate current?
The top-up is broken.
Someone has access to my card info.  I still have the card, but someone just withdrew cash.  How do I get this corrected/stopped?!
I need to top up using a cheque
What is the status of my card's delivery?
I made a payment but it was returned.
Why was there a fee for paying by card?
My card's expiring a month from now, should I place an order for the new card?
There is  a charge I don't recognize.
Is there anywhere  In the  Eu  this card can not be delivered in
I received a different amount of cash than what I entered.
I needed cash today, so I used another provider's ATM, and when I attempted to withdraw, it declined. I just checked it out and I'm still showing my account with that amount pending! I didn't take any money out, it was declined, so I don't want that to be processed as a withdrawal.
Why would the app deny my top-up?
My card payment had the wrong exchange rate
Please update me on whether you have received the funds for the refund of the large purchase I made recently. I have requested this from the merchant days ago but still haven't got anything.
My refund isn't showing up on my statement.
Can I get a card if I don't reside in the UK?
I can't get my virtual card to work.
Help me change my PIN.
What is the process for transferring money into my account?
I need assistance with activating my new card.
Do I get an actual card?
Why can't the recepient of my money transaction see it?
When will my top up be approved?
My exchange rate was wrong for an Item I bought!
why and how soon do I have to have proof of identity to you?
What is the point of verifying a top up?
Why is there a fee for using my card?
Do you charge anything for topping up?
I tried using my credit card with top up but it didn't work! I thought it was supposed to?
I have an unauthorized charge.
Why is there a charged fee for debit or credit card payment?
Can I use this all over the world?
The exchange rate was wrong in the foreign country I got cash in.
My money transfer hasn't appeared yet.
My money I added isn't on my card.
Why isn't my beneficiary allowed?
When my card expires what is the cost of a replacement and how fast?
I was wondering if I could get a second card on this account? I would like my daughter to have one.
Why is it saying I have a pending payment?
I did not receive the right amount of cash I requested
Shouldn't my new card be here by now?
I should not have been charged a fee for cash withdrawal.
Where do I need to go to change my PIN?
What are the exchange rates you assign?
I'm still waiting for my top-up to go through
How much is the exchange fee?
My google top-up pay is not going through
I was charged more than once in a single transaction
It looks like someone besides me ordered something with my card, what should I do?
I tried to withdraw some funds from my card, but was declined. How can I get my money?
What is this extra €1 fee about?
The app reverted the payment I made.
What happened to the transfer I did?
How can I obtain a virtual card?
So I've been using my account frequently to manage payments for my vacation house in a different country, and now I'm getting hit with ridiculously high fees! What's with that? Ought not I be rewarded as a frequent user?
My app shows a direct debit that isn't mine.
do i need to wait for my card before i get pin
why wouldnt the atm give me money
I have an emergency and lost my phone.  I need help accessing my account.
I can't find the money I just added to my account.
How old do you need to be to use the banks services?
I was charged twice.
Are there limits on the virtual cards?
Every ATM I visit is rejecting my card and I don't know why. There should be money on it. Can you check it to see if something is wrong or if I'm doing something wrong?
Can this convert money?
What US credit cards do you accept?
I have been charged twice on my statement.
I thought that transfers are free. Why was I charged an extra fee?
I want to top up by card, what do you support?
I just took some cash out of a cash machine in Heathrow airport because I wanted to buy some new sunglasses for my holiday but you've added a fee to the withdrawal, what is this?
I can't see my Google Pay top up. Is it not working correctly?
I'm not certain my top-up went through yet.
I tried to buy something online yesterday and got a message saying declined. I tried again today and got the same message. What's the problem?
I need to report a stolen card
How long does a transfer take?
For my account, how do I transfer money in?
What's the top-up limit?
The amount of cash I received was not the full amount
Can I get a physical card for free, or is there a charge?
Why am I still not able to see the money I deposited a week ago? This is urgent!!
What's the reason for needing to verify my identity?
I noticed a new fee on my account. I didn't know there were fees for these payments. What is the policy?
What kind of costs are involved for exchanging currency?
Is my fiat currency supported for both hold and exchange?
I want a card, but I'm not in the UK- can I get one still?
Is the identity check part of bank policy?
I have a payment in my statement that is off
top up for my american express card is not working
My card is expiring soon, How do I order a new card?
How long does it take for pending to go through
I'm unhappy with the exchange rate your cash transactions.
I haven't received my card and am worried it is lost.
Is there a charge for cash withdrawals? I always thought it was free.
Are you going to charge me to top up my card?
Is there a charge to use a Top up card in the US?
Can I make an account for my kids?
I was under the impression that transfers were going to be free and here I was charged for something I bought overseas!  I don't think this fee is right
My statement has not shown my refund.
I made a deposit but it is not showing up in my balance.
I think someone saw my PIN and I am on vacation in Spain, can I change it locally at an ATM?
Why would I need a disposable card?
My transaction has not been received. When are you going to process it?
I don't recognize the direct debit payment from the app.
I believe my card payment has reverted
I want to transfer money using my credit card.
What kind of businesses will take my card?
Can I have a third card?
I am looking to get a Visa credit card, what must I do to achieve this?
How much are the fees for adding funds using an international card?
My friends would like to add to my account. What is the procedure?
I want a refund on a direct debit.
How long do I need to wait to see an update after I make a bank transfer?
Which US cards have top up charges?
Can I use my account although my identity verification has yet to pass?
I really want a physical card. How do I get one?
Are there ATM fees?
Why can I not make a transfer?
I requested a refund but am unable to see it in my account. Why is that?
My friend wants to send me money, can she?
I am asking to end my account.
I need to see where my money came from.
Where do i find my PIN?
On my app I can see that a direct debit payment that I didn't do, appears.
Using your app, would I be able to exchange between USD and GBP?
Please can you block the transaction I just sent from my account? It was a payment but I accidently typed in the wrong details and think it might have gone to the wrong place.
my balance has not changed, despite depositing a cheque
where can I get the info for my funds
The app is telling me that I am not me.
I got less cash because of the exchange rate.
I just got a card, how can I add it to the app?
Can I top-up via Apple Pay?
Can I dispute a debit payment that I am seeing that I didn't make from a couple of months ago?
Can I exchange an item for a refund?
Hello, I tried to take some cash out of the ATM but I looked at my statement and it still shows that it's pending. Is the machine broken? Will I receive my money back or will I be charged for this?
Why is my transfer taking so long to complete?
Is it normal to see a fee for transferring money?
I found my old card. Can I link it back into the app?
Why do we need to verify top-up?
How much are you going to charge me if I top up my US card?
I cannot get my card out of the ATM.
Can you tell me your exchange rates?
When should I expect my card to arrive?
How can I top up my account with a cheque?
I have not received an item i ordered yet so i want to cancel it and get a refund. Can you please guide me on how to go about it?
So, the card PIN?
Why won't my top up go through?
I need to change my name, since i just got married
What can I do if my passcode won't work?
I need to know which flat currencies are supported by you.
What is needed to activate my card?
My top up doesn't work
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but found it again in my jacket.
When I use my card, it says decline?
Explain the extra ATM fees.
Why is my card being declined when I try to do a top-up? How can this be immediately resolved?
I tried using a check to update my balance, but it isn't work? Is something wrong?
Where can I modify my details?
I bough an item and the exchange rate was incorrect.
I have a cash withdrawal in my statement. Why is that?
Why am I charged a fee for withdrawing cash?
I haven't been sent my new pin!
Is my new card activated?
How do I prove I am who I am?
The wrong account was used during a transaction.
Hi, I just looked at my card transactions and saw that I've been charged twice for a restaurant I went to this week. Can you remove the double charge, please?
I want to stop my account
My PIN is unlocked, what do I do?
I want to shut down my account as soon as possible.
I deposited some cash but it hasn't shown up in my account yet, what's going on?
Can Google Pay be used for top up, please help?
I might need a new card because it's not working at any of the ATMs. I don't think ive used all my money. Why is it doing this?
Why has my card been declined?
I need to transfer money into this account from my other bank account.
how much does it cost to add money to my card
Which foreign currencies do you accept for adding money?
How do I get my card PIN?
I really need to know how to change my pin.
A wrong amount of cash we sent to me.
I made a purchase but the exchange rate is wrong?
Could I get a mastercard if that's reasonable?
how do i avoid charges in the future
What is the function of the identity check
Why am I being charged for transferring money?
Somebody is taking money out of my account without my approval in another town separate from me. Please place a freeze on my account until I can make it to the bank.
What is the extra fee that showed up on my card?
What fiat currencies are used with holdings and exchanges?
The exchange rate I was charged for a purchase was not right.
I bought something in another currency, but the exchange rate was incorrect.
I saw a fee on my receipt from withdrawing money while shopping earlier.  Is there supposed to be a fee for this type of transaction?
I need to know where I can withdraw money.
I haven't received my virtual card.
There are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really make myself. What's going on with this, maybe someone has access to my card?!
How do I change my last name?
Where do I go to fill out the identity form?
I need to know the if there is a limit on the amount for auto top-up.
Can you tell me why a refund I'm owed is not showing on my statement?
What happens if a merchant doesn't accept  you payment?
I lost my phone.  What do I do to block someone else from using my account?
Help! I've forgot my app passcode!
When will the transaction post to my account?
Can I use an auto top-up option?
Where is the tracking number for the card?
I'm going to cancel a purchase.
If I get another card, what kind of fees am I looking at?
Why is verifaction required for my Identity?
I ordered my card and it isn't here yet. I need it ASAP. When can I expect to get it?
While abroad, I got cash, and the exchange rate applied is wrong.
I got some cash at an ATM earlier, but now app is showing that I withdrew more than I did.  Help!
Can you tell me where to find top up by cash deposit?
Let me know when you charge for payments. I just checked the app and saw a fee that I wasn't warned about.
Can I top up?
Hi, I was just checking over my card transactions and notice I was charged twice for a restaurant visit this week. Can you please remove one of these false charges from my account?
Which countries are you available in?
What is the minimum age limit?
How can i make my card active?
At what age can a person open an account?
How can I link the new card?
Which countries do you work with?
I'd like like to know where I can order a virtual card?
I'm not happy, I want to close my account.
I see a charge of 1L I do not recognize on my statement
my statement contains an unknown payment
How many times can I use my disposable card?
What are the age requirements for service?
Will a beneficiary not accept a transfer?
Can you lookup my password?
Can you make exchanges using the EUR?
my cash withdrawal has not come out of my account yet.
How long will delivery to the US take?
I didn't get a PIN yet. What gives?
How much is the charge to top up via credit card?
My transfer seems to be too expensive.
Can I get paid for this in another currency?
Verifying the top-up seems like a hassle.
The transfer on my account is not showing up.
My card is about to expire, what do I do?
Good afternoon. I made a transfer from my UK bank account.  I haven't seen anything on the account in the pass few hours. Please check the account to make sure everything is fine.
can i get a virtual card
If I order a new card, how much will it be and how long will it take me to get it?
I would like to better understand why my pass-code is not working.
How do I actually obtain a card myself?
What are the steps for the identity checks?
Do the disposable cards have restrictions?
How do I know what my account is set to, I am paid in GBP?
Why  am I being told this  transfer will not  go thru
Why will my transfer not go through?!  Keep getting an error message.
Where can I edit personal details?
Is it free for top ups?
Why am I unable to withdraw money even though in the past I've done it just fine?
What countries are you located in?
How old do kids have to be to open an account?
I have a second credit card from the US. Will you take it?
In my account I noticed my ATM withdrawal is still pending
how long does it take for a transfer from Europe to go through?
I bought something and received it, but the payment went back to my account. Is the seller okay?
I'm having difficulty verifying my identity.
I tried to add a topup to my account but the money isn't there, anymore. Did I do something wrong?
What are the guidelines for the disposable cards?
I deposited some money, but the balance has not changed.
How much does it cost for a physical card?
Where do my fund come from?
What is the present state of the exchange rate?
I made a card payment but it didn't work. Why not?
A transfer was not allowed to an account.
I need more physical cards.
I have the funds, why can I not use my top-up?
For the disposable cards, what are the restrictions?
Is there a way to make my money usable in another country?
I think my account has been hacked there are charges on there I don't recognize.
Where can I modify my information?
There was an extra fee on my account when I got cash.
Why doesn't my card work for any transactions?
I'm not sure why my payment has been declined? Please tell me why, I thought it was all good.
left my phone at hotel, cant use app
I have a top up card. Where is the verification code?
the bank transfer was declined
There is a pending payment on my account that is very strange. I don't remember making this and it won't go away. Can you help me figure this out?
How do I get a PIN?
Why do you need verification for my identity?
What type of fiat currencies do you support?
My phone has been stolen.
my payment was rejected
top up cancellation
What is the reason for the identity check
On a card top-up, where can I verify?
There is a payment that I made that hasn't gone through yet.
Can I use a check to get gas?
I think that somebody is utilizing my card without my authorization!
Why would my transfer be declined?
How do I get extra cards?
How long does it take for transfers to process?  I sent funds to a friend, and she says that she has not yet received anything.
Why hasn't the money I transferred into my account shown up yet?
My Google pay top up isn't working. Help.
Could you tell me what your exchange rates are?
What is the daily limit on my card?
I used my card and there was a fee
I need to know what your exchange rates are.
Why do I need to verify the top-up?
I have been waiting for my top-up to complete and it still hasn't gone through.
Why did my transfer fail?  What can I do?
I was charged extra when I made a cash withdraw, why?
There's a direct debit payment that I don't recognize.
Are there top up charges for US cards?
I cannot seem to use my card.
My card is stuck inside the ATM, what am I supposed to do?
I am having problems with a top-up.
How will I know where my funds are coming from?
Where can I have a new bank card sent to China?
If there isn't much money left over, will it top-up automatically?
how long does delivery take?
What is the disposable card for?
I made a mistake when making my last transfer, please cancel before it goes thru.
Tell me how to top up my account using bank transfer.
What are the steps of verifying an identity?
I don't remember my passcode?
My credit card did not go through. Can you see if it has insufficient funds?
I made a transfer into my account and now I need to cancel it
What do i do to get a physical card?
I am suppose to be getting a refund from something I purchased but it hasn't showed up in my account.
I made a transaction at an atm and was charged extra for it.
please cancel the transaction
The cheque I deposited isn't showing in my account
How can I reset the passcode if I need to do that?
Could I please cancel my transfer, I paid it into the wrong account. I need to pay it into the right account by tomorrow.
I was charged an extra fee for a card payment. I was unaware of these fees beforehand.
Why would my beneficiary not be allowed?
Will this card work all over the world?
I am inquiring about why there was an extra fee charged when I used an ATM.
new customer and filling gas for the first time today, not working,
Need a new card, mine is expiring.
What does it mean when a cash withdrawal is pending?
How do I turn on my new card?
I see in the app some cash was withdrawn, but it's not mine.
I want to take back my transaction
Is there any reason my cash withdrawal still shows as pending?
The app does not recognize who I am.
How long will it take to receive my money from my transfer transaction?
Why has my top-up failed?
I have withdrawn cash from the ATM but it is showing in my account as a pending transation. Why is this?
Please help.  The card won't work.
Do I need to pay extra for exchanging currencies?
How can I create another card linked to this account?
Can I top up any amount?
My money's disappeared from my account! I topped up the other day and it was there, but now it's not. Help?
Do I have a card PIN?
What should I do if I don't know my password?
I made a mistake this morning when I did a transfer. How do I reverse it?
My card doesn't work. I can't get cash out at an ATM
Hi, I have been transferring money to my friends since morning, but all my transactions were getting failed. Can you please look into this issue.
Machines make mistakes too! The ATM gave me the wrong amount of money. Too much!
How do I deactivate my account?
I have a transfer that was declined.
What is the max amount of top-ups?
My card's expiration date is close.
Are there any charges for using a bank card to top up
Can I exchange USD for GBP in your app?
I was charged a fee when buying stuff with my card.
I've use this account all the time, including over this past month, to pay for things from my new place abroad. I'm a really good customer, so why do I suddenly have new fees? I should be rewarded instead of charged more fees.
How come my refund hasn't appeared on my statement?
I lost track of my card
How long will my top-up stay pending?
I need to transfer money into my account, HOW?
What are the disposable cards restrictions?
My top-up seems to be pending for a long time?
Foreign currency rates were put in wrong at an ATM i used.
Why do I still have a pending cash withdrawal?
Do you accept SWIFT transfers?
Cancelling a transaction
I used my card to top-up but the money is gone!
Can I auto-top up?  How do I do it?
When will I have access to my pin number?
I got charged twice with a duplicate card. How do I resolve this?
How do I deposit cash?
I'm getting concerned here.  I sent a friend some money and she isn't seeing it.  What's going on?
There was a problem with the exchange rate on a purchase.
I would like to delete my account. I'm not happy with the service you're providing
Am I able to get this shipped to China?
Can I use google pay for topping -up
How do I deactivate a stolen card?
why was a transfer declined
There is a record of payment I never submitted on the app.
Where can the pin be located?
Can i get money in my home currency at some ATM ? As I am on holiday and bit concerned because i do not have any cash with me . Is it possible to withdraw without any additional cost.
Can I use my account before my Identity verification has passed?
The app shows Direct Debit payments that I didn't make
I am unable to activate my card, it won't let me.
Are refunds allowed for certain items.
Why was a fee charged to me for transferring money?
Why is the payment showing as pending from things I bought this morning?
I couldn't pay with my card
How do I order a card?
Is the cash withdrawal going to show?
The ATM charged me an extra fee, Why?
I did a transfer and I was charged a fee that shouldn't be there!
How long does it take for a purchase to go from pending to authorised?
Why did I have to pay an additional amount when using my card to pay?
How long is delivery to the US?
Why is my ATM withdrawal still pending?
What's the tracking on the card you sent?
Why has my card been charged an extra pound?
Changed details is essential, what steps do I take to do so?
How can I change my PIN even though I'm out of the country in Austria at the moment?
I prefer Visa, can I get that instead?
which identity details are required
Exchange rate on a purchase was incorrect
Is American Express supported for adding money into my account?
I live in Germany. Is that one of the countries you are in? What other countries are you in?
Would I be able to top up as much as I can?
I need assistance completing a transfer. I'm trying to purchase a flat and need the money for the initial mortgage payment. I keep getting an error and the transfer is not going through. What is going on here?
Why is this beneficiary being rejected?
My transaction is showing several times.
What ATM accepts Mastercard?
It's been over a month and i still haven't received my goods! I ordered a pencil for crying out loud, it's not that hard to deliver that! I'm done with these people, give me a refund immediately! I'll search for my Japanese exclusive pencil elsewhere!
I see a direct debit transaction in my app that I didn't make.
The machine only paid me a hundred when I wanted 20
my top up isnt there yet where do i find it
My card is about to expire.  How do I get a new card?
How long do I wait for my PIN
Do the disposable cards have a transaction limit?
Hi, I have withdrawn cash from the ATM on holiday and i guess withdrawal amount has been overcharged. I did it as i was not aware of these charges.
I asked for $40 and I only received $20, what happened?
what is the fee for topping up by card?
How long do money transfers take? My friend really needs the money i sent a couple of hours ago but it's not there yet.
What are the steps to verify identity?
Will I be charged for topping up by transfer?
What types of cards and money do you accept?
There is a pending transaction on my account for when I tried to get money from the ATM earlier and it did not work. Can you fix this?
What to do if my card has been used without my permission?
Please help me with the amount that i have withdrawn from the ATM today, the ATM has given me wrong sum of amount, and i could see that the app is displaying the greater amount than taken out.
Where do I go for a refund?
Will I be fined for topping up by transfer?
How do I find my PIN number?
How can I see the progress of delivery of the card that was sent?
Why isn't my topup working?
I can't activate my card?
My things were stolen and I need to know if I can still use this app.
I don't understand why you aren't accepting my transfer. After a couple times trying I'm still getting an error message.
After I make a payment, how long will it be before it transitions from "pending" to complete?
My card never arrived.
Please delete my account and personal information.
I withdrew cash and I think the exchange rate is wrong.
who can put money in my account?
Why can't I use this beneficiary?
Why didn't my card payment work?
Last Saturday, I made a payment and the exchange rate was wrong.  I was charged too much.
How can disposable cards be used?
Why can I not take out cash?
The app is showing a payment I never made.
Help, my phone was stolen, please advise!
Is there a charge for receiving money?
How are exchange rates calculated at this bank?
Why can't the person I sent the money transfer to see it?
How can I know where my card will be accepted?
I deposited a check, but haven't received the funds for it.
I placed my order a week ago. Is it ok that my card isn't here yet?
I haven't received the cash from the check I deposited.
Where is my card?
My payment was put back, I think.
Can I get a card in person?
I would like to cancel my previous purchase.
My salary is in GBP, is this something I need to configure?
How can I exchange currencies using your app?
Someone is using my card to purchase flights to New York it's not me because I'm not going to New York, please can you cancel the card and refund the money?
Can you  tell me how to get AUD not GBP?
How can I change my account details?
I think the exchange rate on my card payment is incorrect.
how long should I expect to wait for my card to arrive?
The transfer I made isn't reflected in my balance
I was issued a card about a week ago. why hasn't it come in yet?
What is this extra fee?
When will my virtual card arrive?
My payment has been returned.
Why is my app showing me taking money that I did not take out?
I think I was wrongly charged in a recent transaction when I used my card.
How do I change the details in my account?
Unsure how to provide my identity.
I wanna revert a transaction i did this morning.
I'd like to get a refund for something I bought, is that possible?
Why can't I transfer to an account?
Why is my top up not completing?
I am adding money, what currencies do you accept to do this?
Why am I being charged more on exchange with things I bought abroad?
How would I be able to make changes to my personal details?
What is the highest amount of top ups I'm allowed?
The ATM won't let me take out cash
Why have I been charged more than once for the same transaction?
I want to top up from my Apple Watch, can I?
I urgently need to transfer something from China. How long can I expect it to take?
I live in America, but I would like a card.
When will my top-up be completed?
If I need delivery on a certain day, is that something that could be accommodated?
Why won't my virtual card work?
Why is my transfer stuck on pending?
How do I know which payments I make will have additional fees? Where can I find this information online?
My product was faulty.
Why was my ATM withdrawal cancelled?
Why was the exchange wrong for the item I purchased?
I would like help to revert a transaction I did this morning
Why are my transfers being declined? It normally works but now it's declining my card. I've tried it a few times but it's still not working.
I did a transaction this morning and now I want to cancel it.
I was issued a new card a week ago but still haven't received it. How long will it be until I receive it?
What should I do if I think that someone might be using me card?
Is there a way I can get my card expedited?
What currencies can I hold?
Can i make transactions before identity verification?
Is it possible to get another card?
What is the foreign exchange rate you will apply?
I don't understand where this charge came from.
How do I top up?
How can I find your exchange rates?
I have one of your cards, but I don't know how to link it.
Can I use cash to top up
I didn't make these transactions. Is someone else using my card?
Do you let me choose between Visa and Mastercard?
Hi. About two hours ago I made a transfer from my bank which is in the UK, but I don't see it yet! Would you check what's going on with it, please?
Would you please unblock my pin? I don't know why, but it's blocked.
My card is stolen.  Help!
Why is the exchange rate on my card payment different than I expected?
I have zero dollars in my account. Can I submit additional funds via bank transfer?
The recipient can not locate funds.
What are the fees for using a European bank card?
I was charged a fee when I transferred my funds, why?
Will you tell me how I am supposed to use the disposable cards?
When can I expect money to be transferred to my account?
Do you have a tracking number for the card I was sent?
Why hasn't my friend's transaction arrive yet?
Am I charged for receiving money?
I want a refund, but I haven't received the item yet. Can I cancel it and get my funds back? How do I do that.
Why did I get charged a fee for my transfer?
Do you have a limit for someone's age?
Can I have a mastercard?
Please help my find out why there is an odd direct debit in my records.
What do I need to do in order to get a new card?
is it just visa or can i also use mastercard?
What should I do?  I topped off but the app reversed  it.
My cash received does not match what has been requested
I have a payment that is still pending
Would I be able to refund an item?
I'm having an issue with transaction. I topped up my account and saw it went through, but that was a few days ago and the money isn't in my account any more. What's up with that?
How to I close my account?
I just made an order and noticed an extra fee. Why have you charged me this without informing me?
I used to know my password, but not anymore.
Why did my payment fail?
Why was my exchange rate a different amount than usual?
How can a payment be declined
There are duplicate transactions on my account
How can I pay for top-ups?
Why am I charged whenever I withdraw cash?
I transferred some money a couple days ago but haven't received it yet. How long should I expect to wait?
Would I need to pay extra for currency exchanges?
I got less cash at the ATM than I asked for. Why?
I put some money in my account the other day but now its gone? Why is this?
The activation process for my card isn't working.
Why does the same transaction appear multiple times?
why didnt my account allow a transfer
I use this card all the time so why did it get declined at the store today?
My top-up has not posted.
I want to set up an auto top-up
It says that my payment is pending, what does that mean?
My card has gone missing.
Why do I have to pay extra for using my card?
What do I do if i accidentally broke my card?
If I wanted to change my PIN, how would I do that?
How long is a delivery to the US?
How long does a transfer from the US take?
I do not recognise the card payment.
I think my top up was reversed.
Questionable transactions on my account.
My contactless is non-functional.
Is the ATM broken? I can't get cash from it.
It looks like the exchange rates on my card payment are wrong
Why did the top-up fail?
Hello. Please, would you tell me if you have or have not received funds for a refund that I recently requested for a big purchase? I've contacted the merchant, but I can't tell that they have taken any action on it.
Can I activate my card with the app?
Would I be able to open an account for my daughter?
I'm travelling abroad but I've run into a situation where I need to change my PIN immediately. Can I do this from here?
I put cash in my account, but I don't see it.
Where do your cards get delivered to?
Looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once, second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
How can I check if I have received a refund if it is not yet on my statement?
My transfer was wrong, are you able to stop it before it goes through please?
How does a disposable virtual card work?
What do I do if someone used my card without my permission?
Will I be charged for adding money by transfer?
Is it free to exchange currency?
Why did I get a different card then requested?
I attempted to top up my car today, it failed! I just got it a couple of days before and it worked then. What is going on with it?
I haven't received my transfer funds yet, where are they?
Is a bank transfer acceptable for topping up my account?
I have my card, when whill my PIN be available?
Why does the ATM continually decline my card? I've tried multiple times on different machines with the same results. I thought I had enough funds for this, so please help me understand why this is happening.
Where should I look for my PIN number at?
Where is the closest ATM to me?
Can I reactivate my card? I reported it lost and found it this morning in my jacket.
Why am I missing my refund
Please explain why the funds I added were returned to my account.
I have a transaction that shows multiple times.
How long does it take for a money transfer to show up?
I have a Visa and Mastercard, can I use these?
I am looking to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
How long does it take for a card to arrive?
What steps do I have to go through in order to activate my new card?
Does your app allow currency exchanges between USD and GBP?
Something is wrong with the top up! I'm a regular customer and use your service all the time, usually this works but now it just shows up as pending
My card payment has been declined
Can I use the app without my phone?
I returned something to a  store but can't see my refund.
How long does it take for money to transfer as my balance hasn't been updated
What is your refund policy for products I have purchased?
I tried topping up for the first time today since I am a new customer. It doesn't appear that it's working. It has been pending for at least half an hour. Please take care of this.
What are the limits to where my card will be accepted?
Can you tell me the limit for top ups?
Why did my payment not go through why did it cancel?
I tried to get cash but it was declined!
My new card isn't here and it was issued a week ago.
I am not supposed to be charged a cash withdrawal fee, but I was.
I need to know where this charge is coming from?
Why would a merchant revert my payment?
How long do transfers from a UK bank account usually take for you? I just made a transfer and I'm not seeing anything, wondering if it worked
How do I top up with cash?
Will I get charged fees when I add money with an international card?
Can I add money to my account with cash?
If I want to select a new PIN what do I do?
When I tried to transfer funds to my friend today I was unable to do so, why?
I have a confusing payment appear on my statement and I don't recognise it!
My ATM transaction was cancelled.
I tried topping up using my card, but the money is gone?
There is the same transaction showing more than once.
The atm didn't give me all my cash
My cash transaction isn't showing on my account
Why am I unable to withdraw my money through this card?
I made a mistake and did a transaction to a wrong account, can I cancel?
Do I get any sort of discount on volume for a lot fo currency exchanges?
Who can I speak with regarding a lost card?
Hi there, earlier today I tried to take money out of an ATM machine, and something wasn't working.  I didn't actually receive the money, but I just checked and it says that the transaction is still pending.  Can you tell me what's going on here? Am I still being charged for the withdrawal even though I didn't end up getting any money?
I withdrew cash and was charged. Why?
I ordered a card and would like to know how to track the delivery progress of it.
How can I find an ATM that accepts this card?
I looked at my statement and found a payment I and found a mistake.
What is the maximum number of transactions that I can put on a disposable card?
Should i uninstall the app before i try it again?
I was charged a fee for a transfer. Where did it come from?
I have a fee for cash withdrawal
What is minimum age for an account?
How many currencies can I have money in in my account?
Is there a fee for adding funds with a credit card?
My card data has been exposed.
I forgot my code
Its been 3 days, How long will my transfer take to get to my wallet?
Why did I get charged a fee for my card payment?
Please help!  The app won't let me cancel a money transfer.  I accidently sent money to an account that wasn't mine.  I need this cancelled immediately.
I made a check and cash deposit that wasn't credited to my account.
I tried to top up and suddenly my money disappeared
I wasn't allowed to transfer to my account
Can I activate my card?
Can you help me reset my passcode? I forgot it.
Why am I being charged for ATM cash withdrawals? The only reason I use it is because it's been free! Now you expect me to pay for them, and how much is that going to cost me?
What, if any, is the limit  for auto top-up?
Is it possible for a transaction to be cancelled?
Can topping up be automatic?
Why isn't this accepting my identity?
How do I use the app to exchange currencies?
How long does a transfer transaction take?
Could you please recommend what I should do if my card keeps getting declined?  I planned to top-up today but I am unable to get it to work.  I need a fast solution to this problem.
Which currencies will you exchange?
I have an account at another bank, but I want to transfer some of the money to my account here.
.
Tell me what the steps for the identity checks are
I need to terminate my account immediately.
What's up with the fee for getting cash?
what are the exchange rates for getting cash
I am not sure where my phone is.
Why is there a charge for $1 on my account?
What is the current exchange rate?
I need to order a new virtual card, how do I do that?
Is it possible to get both a Visa and a Mastercard?
Why was I not able to get cash from the ATM?
Where do I order a disposable virtual card?
Close down my account.  I don't like your service.
Do you support other currencies?
Can you please tell me why my cash withdrawal is still pending?
My disposable virtual card wouldn't process my payment?
Can I use google pay to top up?
Do you provide cards to people not in the UK?
is there a limit on top ups
My cash withdrawal was not entirely complete
I just lost my wallet and I think someone is using my card to withdraw my money. Can you please cancel or freeze my card?!!
I added money to the card but the transaction didn't go through
My card is due to expire soon.
When I tried to pay in a store my card din't work
I have a withdrawal waiting to go through.
There is an odd 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. What's the reason for that? I haven't purchased anything for a pound.
I would like to top up via credit card, which credit cards do you support?
I have been charged an extra fee when buying from your store. Why is this?
What's the exchange fee?
The app is showing a cash withdrawal that I didn't make.
I had a dollar charged to my account that's still pending and wanted to know what the charge is for?
Do you hold money and if so, what currencies do you accept?
How can I cancel a transaction to a wrong account?
My daughter would like a card from my account?  Can I do this?
I topped up my account but the money isn't there now.
what are the exchange rates for foreign currency ATMs
Who can have access to top up my account?
The ATM didn't give me the full requested amount
My card wont work at an ATM
I've been trying to make a transfer and it doesn't seem to be working. (5 times) What is wrong with your system?
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but found it again this morning.
What was the $1 charge for on my statement?
I got less than what i asked for in the ATM, why?
Can I change my PIN?
How do I stop fraud to my account?
How can I cancel a transfer I made
What is the top-up limit?
I've been trying to transfer funds to top-up my card, but the transaction is not going through.  Is there something I'm doing wrong?
There has a recent suspicious withdrawal on my bank account. Is it possible to freeze my card?
There was a transaction this morning that I'd like to reverse.
My phone was stolen, help!
Transaction refund missing from my statement.
What is the time frame that transfers normally take from a UK account? I just completed a transfer and nothing shows up. I need to know if everything is alright.
What do I do now that I can't use this card?
I'm trying to make a bank transfer but It's not going through. Could there not be enough funds to transfer or something? Have I done it too many times?
Hello. I tried doing a topup and I thought it worked, but now the money is no longer in my account. Can you explain?
There is a cash withdrawal on my statement that I did not make
Are extra cards free?
How do I check to see why my card payment was declined?
It didn't give me my cash
Why would a cash withdrawal be pending?
It's been a few days since I've tried to pay a seller but the funds aren't going through. What is happening?
still need to get card pin
what is the age limit for opening a new account
Why did you guys charge me an extra €1?
When I got cash I was charged an extra fee!  Explain!
I have cash deposit to my account but it is experiencing a problem
Explain the extra fee on my card when paying.
Can you tell me what this fee is on my statement?
My recipient hasn't received the money
There was an extra fee when I paid with the card.
Why was my transaction declined?
So I just went to the ATM to get some cash.  I input that I needed 100 pounds but I only got 80.  I have the receipt  and I am in need of the extra money.  How do I go about obtaining the missing amount?
How to verify top up card?
Why do I get declined when I try to withdraw cash?
I tried to withdraw money, but was unable to. Still says that the transaction is pending? Will this money disappear??
Why did my top-up fail?
What can you use the disposable cards for?
I deposited a cheque, why isn't my balance showing that I did?
The top-up I ordered didn't process.
My physical card is not working
I didn't set up a direct debit payment on my account.
Is it free to transfer money or is there a fee?
Is there a charge for sending out more cards?
Please explain how disposable virtual card work.
How long will this take to get to me?
Where can I find the exchange rate for my transfer?
My topping up didn't go through.
What is this fee for transferring money?
I was just giving the wrong amount by the ATM. How do I request cash back at this point? The app is showing the amount that I actually requested even though that's not what I got.
How do I tell if my top up was reverted?
I can't find my phone and I'm worried someone is going to use it
I tried to transfer funds to a beneficiary and was denied. Can you tell me why?
Can you please explain how bank transfers work?
I would like to track the card you sent to me.
How can I tell if an AMT will take this card?
Why am I being charged for the same thing twice?
I believe my card has been compromised because of a strange withdrawal
Is there a fee when I add money to my international card?
I made a deposit a couple of days back it's, as of yet, not gone in! It would be ideal if you assist me with this
What fiat currencies do you support?
What does it mean if my cash withdrawal is pending?
Where can I check out the source of available funds in my account?
Is there a way to recover my password?
I needed to make a payment on my account, but I typed in the incorrect number.  The app won't allow me to cancel this transaction.  I need it cancelled ASAP!!
I don't recognize what this payment on my statement would be for.
My card was used without my permission, what do I do?
Why was my top-up declined?
Why does my transfer say it is pending?
This company is bad, delete my account now.
At what ATM can I change my PIN?
Why is the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal?
I wanted to know why a top-up I made has been reverted.
The wrong exchange rate was used for my cash withdrawal
Could I raise a dispute for a large payment that i found out was not done by me in my couple of last statements? I am aware its delayed now. Please help me out.
would a visa or mastercard be more suited to me?
There's something wrong on my bill. A transfer fee should never have been added.
Are the delivery days flexible?  My schedule only allows me to be a available on specific dates.
Why have I not yet received my virtual card?
How can I receive verification for the source of my funds?
Tell me why my transfer is pending.
Would it be possible to activate my card?
How long does it take for money to transfer?
Can someone assist me with activating my new card?
Where can i find the virtual card?
My card won't work at all for anything.
Someone might have access to my card!  There are some strange payments showing up on my account.  What do I do?
My statement shows an extra fee - what is it?
I want a refund for my item
I can still see money in my account after making a payment
Exchange fee help?
I'm not sure what is going on here. I've received payment back into my account  for an item I've already received, from about 2 weeks ago.
Do any of your machines provide cash from my home country? I don't have any money on me and I'm on holiday so I'm concerned. Also, will I be charged anything to do this?
May I change my PIN?
What works for identity verification?
My identity can't be verified.
How long does it take for cash withdrawals to hit my account?
Why can't I use my beneficiary?
i dont recognise some of these transactions, i think someone has my card details
How long until my new card gets here?
If I top-up by using a trasfer are there charges that applied?
I want to use a cheque to pay.
There is a payment done with my card which i definitely did not do.Never seen that name before.
Can I add money to top up my account via a bank transfer?
Why hasn't my friend received the money i sent them yet?
Can you tell me why my credit card was declined while trying to top-up?
I have lost my card, but need to place an online order! How do I get a virtual card instantly?
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working in my country?
I was wondering why my payment hasn't gone through yet, its been a while.
I need a transaction reversed from my account.
what is going on, i have entered my passcode and its not working
The fee charged when I changed rubles into British pounds was too much.
Why hasn't my cash arrived from a deposited check?
How can I top up with my apple watch?
I got a strange cash withdrawal in my statement
Please help me with my card.  It won't activate.
It says the transfer wasn't accepted.
Are you sure this is the interbank exchange rate? This rate is really bad.
How do I top up my account using transfer?
I used my card to top up, but the money is not there!
How do I get my card out of the ATM?
What is the wait time until money reaches my account?
How do I begin the process of a refund?
Why am I being charged the wrong currency exchange when I purchased something abroad?
There's a €1 fee on my statement, why?
I was mugged.  They took everything.  I can't use the app.  What do I do?
I sent a check into the system but still haven't received the cash yet
What are the requirements to verify my identity?
May monthly payment to Apple has been declined but I don't know why, they are going to re-try the payment and it must go through, can you tell me what is going on please?
I see an unauthorized withdraw.
Can I have money transferred into my account at different intervals along my trip?
Why has my beneficiary been denied?
How long does it take for a bank transfer to show on my balance?
need to know if there is a maximum i can top up
It won't let me prove my identity.
Is there a fee when I get cash from an ATM? Is there a limit I can take out? If there is a fee, what is it?
I would like to exchange currency  What types are there?
There's a payment with my card that I didn't perform. I don't know that name shown.
It looks like a payment I've made hasn't made it through yet.
I was spending cash with my card and got a fee.
I want to change my PIN - do I need to be in a bank?
Why wasn't it obvious that you charge for payments? If you put the fees in an easy to read format, this could have been avoided.
What is your currency exchange fee?
As my kids get older are they able to get set up with their own accounts?
I would like to know how to work out where my funds came from?
Please tell me how disposable virtual cards work?
Can you tell me what the disposable cards are used for?
My identity verification isn't working
I lost the code and can not get into the app. Help!
Why is verification for my identity needed?
Can I use my card no matter where I go?
Is there a limit on the number of times I can use a disposable card?
I was charged for the same thing twice
I was out today looking forward to paying with my new card, but the payment just kept getting declined. This is really sad, what's going on?
I would like to know the countries you are offer services in?
Who do I call to cancel a transfer?
Have have a small charge on my account from someone I purchased with but I'm not sure what it relates to.
How can I top up using google pay?
Does a discount apply if I exchange currencies frequently?
It's been some time ago that I placed an order and it just isn't coming. At this point just give me back my money because I'm not paying them.
Would you please check my Card. As Withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning suddenly got declined. Can you please check the problem?
There is a missing transfer on my account
Which countries do you operate in
I was just shopping online for some tickets and the payment was declined by you.  Why has this happened?  I am certain I have the right amount of funds in my account.
Why is the transfer still pending?  Can I do something?
need help with google pay top up
Why did the funds not transfer to another recipient?
Help me unblock my PIN.
My transfer went through, but it seems to be caught up in a pending status.  This was very important that it got done quickly, can you give me a status update on how long it will take?
I see some transactions that I don't recognize.  I think someone stole my details.
I have been charged twice for the same transaction.
I can't see a refund for a return I completed recently.
Does it cost anything to buy something from another country? Like is there going to be hidden transfer fees or currency conversion fees?
Please help me!  A payment I made had an error on the account number and I can't cancel on my side.  Can you cancel it?
How do I create a disposable virtual card?
Can I get money in my home currency at an ATM? I'm on vacation and don't have cash with me. This is cause for a bit of concern. Is it possible to withdraw here without additional cost?
Why hasn't my transaction arrived to my friend yet?
how do i find top up for cash deposit
I can't transfer any money from my account to my friend's account, it keeps rejecting it. Can you tell me why? I have enough funds in my account to transfer.
Why do you need to know so much about me for my account?
Can I make a contactless payments?
How much is it to receive money?
Why won't my top up work
What is the length of time for money to reach the account?
The wait for this transfer seems to be taking a very long time.  It is very important that it goes through quickly. Can you please tell me how long it may take?
How high is the exchange fee?
how long does it take to reflect in my balance a top up
Do you allow exchanges of EUR?
how many virtual cards can i have, i want 8
Are there any top-up limits involved?
When will I recieve my new card?
I just checked and my payment was cancelled, why?
I initiated a payment a while ago and it is still showing as "pending", how long will it take to clear?
Does this app have the same exchange rate as third parties?
Can I get a Visa from you?
Why didn't I receive all the cash I requested?
My recent transfer didn't go through - why not?
What countries do your services support?
I believe that the rate of exchange for my cash withdrawl is incorrect.
My card payment failed.
I have a pending transaction
I finished my transfer. I am having an issue with it still pending. It has been a long time and i'm growing impatient
How can my new card be activated?
I would like to change my adress
I don't have any idea what's going on but all of my transfers keep getting declined. I have double-checked over all of my recipient names and they are correct.
How can my friends top up my account?
I'm unable to verify my identity
I could not get the ATM to work
What currencies do you offer?
When will my card come? I need it as soon as possible!
The money is still in my account even though I already paid -- I don't understand what happened.
I noticed my card was used in a small town that I have never been to. Can you stop the card from being used more?
I can't find the auto-top up option.
How do I order a new card when my old one is ready to expire?
How do I change the PIN?
What do I need to know about topping up?
Top up not available in my wallet.
How much is the charge for a foreign currency exchange?
Why is the exchange rate different than expected on my transaction?
I made a card payment, but it has been declined?
I did a payment but the app cancelled it.
Why did my top up get reverted?
Hae, I already completed my 3D secure authentication when I tried the crypto top up but it's still not working for me. I also don't understand what happened to the money in my account
What proof do you need for my identification?
I would like to edit my personal information .
My credit card was declined for top-up. Can you see if there is enough funds in my account?
The attempted transfer failed.
My refund isn't going fast enough.
How do you top-up using cash?
How do i verify my card?
Do I get charged if I am receiving money?
I think there is a mistake.  I am being charged twice.
I am blocked now because I entered the wrong pin, need help.
Will my employer be able to pay me with this service
My card won't physically work.
Where can I order a card when I am in China?
What are the restrictions on auto top-up?
I thought I lost my card so I cancelled it, but recently I found it in my jacket and I would like to re-establish the card.
There is a direct debit transaction that I did not authorize
Looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
How do I activate my new card I just got?
How come the money from the merchant appeared back into my account?
Why wont the other bank take my money?? Is it not good enough?? There's sufficient funds but I keep getting denied a standard transfer. Ive tried 5 times!
I got money overseas and the exchange rate was wrong
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working on my device?
How can I change my password?
How do I troubleshoot my contactless?
I noticed my exchange rate was incorrect when I got cash.
If someone sends me money, will I be charged?
I need to cancel my recent transfer quickly since I made a mistake. Please help before it goes through.
I'm looking in the App and can't find my PIN, where should I look?
is there a way to do automatic top up
Why isn't my refund showing in my statement?
unhappy with service need to delete account
Are cheques accepted for a top up?
What will my exchange rate be?
What is this extra fee that I got when I used my card to pay?
I was out today looking forward to paying with my brand new card, turns out the payment just kept getting declined. This is pretty sad, what's going on?
Can I change my PIN if I want to?
I do not need GBP, I need AUD, how do I convert it?
I am perplexed. Why is it that I received an extremely wrong rate when I tried to use an ATM using a foreign currency?
Is it simple to transfer money using my credit card?
Why did I only get $20 now the full amount I wanted?
I refuse to verify my identity.
Why did the cash deposit not show up in my account?
How do I exchange AUD for GBP?
Can I use a disposable virtual card for any purchase?
How do I change my PIN abroad?
What is the reason that my top-up is still pending?
How long does it take for a refund to appear?
There's a payment in my history I don't recognize
Do you charge for making a withdrawal? I took some money out of my account earlier and I was charged for this.
I deposited cash but it isn't showing up in my account
Am I able to return an item for a refund?
Why is the transaction to my friend still pending?
What do I do if my Google pay top up isn't working?
I can't get my card out of the ATM, what should I do now?
I bought something abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong
I ordered something, and now I have buyer's remorse. Since what I ordered hasn't come yet, can you just cancel the payment since I already know I want a refund for it?
Can I change or hold different currency?
I topped up but the app declined it
Can I use it outside of Europe?
My new card hasn't came in.
I made a terrible mistake when typing in my account number.  I accidently sent money to the wrong account.  I noticed the app won't allow me to void the transaction.  Can someone help me with this immediately?
Do i have to wait to get the pin or can i set up a pin
Tell me how to verify a top up.
What methods are available for my friend to send me money?
I couldn't make a transfer because it was declined
I'm a new customer and tried topping up today for the first time. It's still pending and doesn't seem to be working. I need to get this fixed.
Won't let me top my card up!! Who can get it sorted out for me? It's urgent! How do I find out what the problem is with my card and how else to top it up?
What is the maximum for top-ups?
Can I use my American Express card with Apple Pay?
A couple weeks ago there was a debit taken from my account from a transaction I don't recall. Is it possible to trace this transaction to make sure I'm not being scammed?
What does the decline message mean
How can I report that my card was stolen? I made a police report first.
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me a different amount than what I've been charged though...
I just realized I made the wrong transaction yesterday. Would  you please make it correct?I need it by tomorrow Please.
How do I transfer funds if I am paid in GBP?
Where is a Mastercard ATM?
A payment is showing twice. Why is that?
Hello, I wanted to get some more information about ATM Withdraw Fee. I have been withdrawing money for years and notice this charge on my account. I always thought it was no fee since its you guys ATM company that I am withdrawing. Can you please explain?
How do I receive a virtual card?
When I got cash, the exchange rate applied was wrong.
I cannot view the refunded amount in my account.
Why isn't my card working? I was pumped to use my new card but it keeps getting declined. Help please.
I have a disposable card, how many transactions can I make?
What happens if I deposit a cheque accidentally?
The other bank confirmed a transfer I made, but this account is not reflecting it yet.
I want to get a Visa
Am I able to get a refund for something I bought?
My cash withdrawal says pending, why?
My account was charged a debit payment I don't recognize.
I need a transfer cancelled.
There are funds in my app that I did not receive.
Looks like my card payment was made two time by mistake. I went to pay at the store earlier which rejected once, second time it worked. App is on pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
After my card expires what should I do?
how do I know where I can get money withdrawn?
How do I make my top up complete?
Is there a way to revert a transaction?
I got a new address and need to change my information.
I want to use auto top-up. Is there a limit?
What steps do I need to take for the identity checking process?
Is there a fee to get an actual card?

At which ATMs can I use this card?
My credit card for was not approved for a top-up transaction.  What happened?
Where can I located the auto-top up option?
My withdrawals were going smooth until I got declined today. What is going on?
It appears my top-up has not gone through.
I don't know what a pending payment is.
I made a payment a while ago and it is still showing as "pending" in the account. How long will this payment take to complete?
I would like to know how much I can top-up.
A shop I go to didn't let me pay.
How can I exchange GBP for AUD?
I notice a transaction a couple of weeks ago in my account, from a seller that I don't recognize. Is there a way we can trace back the information to make sure it was truly something I did?
Can you tell me what the exchange fee is?
do i have to wait for a physical card before i get my pin
My address is incorrect on my file.
I have a transfer that is pending.
I tried to access money earlier but the machine seems not to be working. After looking, the transaction actually shows to still being process. Can you find out what is going on here? I don't want to be charged for some money I never got.
I need to make a transfer from Europe, how many days does this take?
There is a refund missing.
What steps should I take before my card expires?
How do I top up on my card?
How long does it take to verify a cash withdraw?
Why can't I see my funds after I topped up?
I was attempting to top up with my card but the money has vanished!
Will you assess me more fees if I top up with an international card?
is there a way to do top up with apple pay
There is a transfer not showing on my account.
exchanging currencies costs what?
I haven't received my virtual card yet, do yo know why?
I was trying to use contactless earlier, but it didn't work.
What is the wait time for delivery to the US?
Can I directly deposit my salary to this account?
I tried to transfer money to a receiver and they didn't get the right amount. What is going on and who do I contact to help me?
If I don't have all my documents can they still verify my identity?
I bought something online a week ago and i never got it in the mail.Can I just get my money back now I don't want to keep waiting on something that isn't going to show up.
How do I get extra physical cards?
Hello, I'm having trouble with my card, I don't understand what's happening, I tried using the ATM machine earlier but it wasn't working but seems like the transactions is still in progress, can you cancel it for me?
My ATM card isn't working for a withdrawl
Do you know the reason why my card payment was declined?
please help my transfer go through
How do I verify the top-up card?
Why does my transfer keep failing? I've tried 5 times and they all failed.
I just went through a old statement and noticed that a very large payment went through and i did not make it. It was from a few months ago, can I still dispute the payment?
Can I add money in intervals to my account?  I will be traveling.
How long does it take for the money to show up in my account?
What age do you have to be to open an account?
I believe my exchange rate is incorrect
Why was I charged twice?
I see an extra $1  charge on my statement, why is this?
Will you be able to exchange to EUR?
I want to exchange USD and GBP with the app
Can I exchange from USD to GBP?
Why are you charging for cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after getting my groceries, and it appears there is a fee that wasn't there before
My wallet was stolen, along with my cards. How do I put a freeze on my cards and order a new one?
I cannot remember my passcode, is there a way to retrieve it?
what is this extra charge for a withdrawal?
What does it mean if it says that my payment is pending?
How long does it take for a cheque to post to your account?
My phone has been stolen.  How can I make sure no one uses my account from it?
On a card payment, why is there a fee?
Can I have it by a certain date?
My account isn't showing a transfer I made.
When will my card be here?
The ATM machine would not give my card back
Please help!  I was mugged and everything stolen.  What do I do to stop them from accessing my account?
Why didn't my transfer get to the recipient?
Will you charge an extra fee for top ups?
Why is there a fee when I thought there would be no fees?
How long will it take to have my card mailed to me?
Is there a way to undo a transaction?
lost my card in atm
If I was travelling abroad, would I be able to hold currencies in euros?
I do not recognize a direct debit payment that I see on my app
There is payment showing that I didn't do.
I sent a transfer and it has been pending for awhile. How long will it stay pending?
Can you tell me why I haven't received my new card yet?
How do your exchange rates factor in?
Could not complete transfer, states 'declined'
How can I activate my new card?
I noticed a charge for a transfer.  Why is this?  Is it because I did an international transfer?
I don't think I made this payment that is showing up
I made a payment but it's still pending
I was not able to receive the correct amount of cash.
I have an outgoing transfer
Can a friend top up my account
How do you determine the exchange rate?
Can this app be used to exchange currencies?
What foreign exchange rate will I get on weekdays and on the weekends?
Please tell me which fiat currencies you support.
Where can I find my fund information?
I am having trouble with the app recognizing me.
Why do I see an extra £1 charge on my statement?
Do you support all countries?
How much does it cost for additional cards?
In a month, my card will reach its expiration date, am I required to request the next card?
I did not receive my full withdrawal amount
I'm happy with Mastercard and want to stick with just that credit card.
My top up was reverted. Can you help?
Why did I get declined during a transfer?
I can't verify identity through the app.
I lost my phone. Can I disable to app?
How do I go about topping up with Google Pay?
Is there a reason my top-up has not gone through?
What do I do if I have been charged twice?
I made a deposit and the balance hasn't been updated.
How can I trade currencies with this app?
I deposited a cheque but the cash hasn't arrived yet
I didn't withdraw cash but I see that transaction on my app
I think someone may be using my card.
What currencies are approved to add money?
A withdraw I tried to make at the ATM was declined I don't know why.
Why is it taking so long for my pending transaction to post as cleared?
Will you charge for a physical card?
What is the function of the disposable cards?
What are the reasons to be charged a fee on card payments?
My money is gone :( I had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
How long after I receive my statement can I dispute payments on it?
How can correct Top up with the app to work correctly?
Why can't I add any beneficiary I choose?
Help!  The app has an ATM withdrawl that I didn't make.
Can this app exchange American and English currency?
how do i add money from my amex card to top up
What do I do if I detect fraudulent use on my car?
Looks like my card payment was cancelled.
Can you tell me about these disposable virtual cards?
I'm getting an error when trying to make a payment. I want to purchase a flat but my mortgage payment needs to go through. Can you help me?
Hello, I am a new customer, and just tried topping up for the first time. According to your information, the transaction should be instant - why does it still show as pending?
My top up did not go through yet.
My card is missing!  Help!
My daughter need a card from this account. Is that possible?
Is it possible for me to give my daughter a second card for this account?
Where are you cards supported?
What does it mean if my cash withdrawal does not show up properly?
why hasn't a transaction to a friend cleared yet?
Hello, I have tried using crypto top up but it is not working. I had some money in my account but I'm not sure what happened
How do I transfer money from one bank account to another?
When I look at my statement there is an extra fee, that is for what?
I received the wrong amount of cash back
What forms of ID should I use for verification?
How can I check how much free spending I have left? I have some big purchases coming up and want to know where I can look for any info.
I think a payment I made with a card was cancelled.
Someone else charged my card!
Does the top-up need verified?
How long does an international transfer take? I made the transfer from France 2 days ago, but it is not showing up in my bank yet.
Can I choose my Visa or Mastercard?
Where can I find the top up verification code?
Please tell me about disposable cards.
If I want to get an account for my daughter, can I do that?
The seller just told me he didn't get paid. After reviewing my account it did subtract the balance but now it has added it back to my account. I need you to please take care of this promptly.
I need my refund
Help me to set up contactless payments.
The app is not able to realize that it is me.
what do I need to do if the ATM kept my card?
Why is my deposit still pending?
What do I do if the machine rejects my card?
Hello, I have recently made a purchase and have decided to cancel my purchase. Is there any way that you can cancel that transaction for me so I can get the money back? It's very important.
Will I be able to track the card that was sent to me?
I deposited cash into my account and I'm having trouble seeing it on my account.
Does it cost much or take long to get a new card? Mine is about to expire.
Can I get support?
how much to get my card in 2 days?
My card expires soon, will you send me one automatically?
Please tell me how I can get a virtual card.
I completed a transfer that isn't showing up on my account.
Hello! I randomly got charged an extra fee today as i was shopping online and i have no idea why! Are there extra fees for card payments? Or am i missing something here?
I'm not in the UK, but can I still get a card?
I need to freeze my card as soon as possible. I just checked my account and saw that there have been several payments that I don't recognize over the course of a few days. Can we investigate and get my money back?
What do I use to verify my identity?
What kind of fee is there to top-up my account?
Does the fee for exchange change?
Google Pay Top up isn't working
i am express delivering my card to the us, how long will that take
Why does my card continually get declined? I thought I had enough money in there but I've tried several times now and it still isn't working.
I need to change my home address.
How do I use bank transfer to top up my account?
I would like to top up my account automatically. How do I do that?
Help me verify my identification.
I believe my top up has failed
Should my top-up be completed by now?
How to access my virtual card
Why am I still waiting for my refund
why was my payment reverted on the app
I do not see the card PIN anywhere?
How much would an extra card cost?
Can cards be dispatched on a specific date?
How long does it take to prove my identity?
How do I activate auto top-up when traveling?
Where is the option to top up with a cheque?
I think somebody made an unauthorized copy of my card.  My account has a cash withdrawal for 500£ that I did not make.  Please help.
Why hasn't the transfer shown up in my account yet?
Since when do you charge to make a withdrawal? I've always done it for free. So how much is it now?
I was just contacted by a seller that let me know they didn't get my money even though I'm very sure it was removed from my account. Now it's back in my account. Get this resolved quickly.
My statement contained a one pound extra fee
I'm interested in using fiat currencies, which do you support?
My daughter needs an acount.
Why is it I am charged an extra fee when I use the ATM?
how do i get a refund for a direct debit payment i didn't make
Can I change my PIN at my local bank?
Please check and let me know why my transfers are getting declined.
I saw there is a cash withdrawal from my account via the app which I did not complete.
I sent a cheque a few days ago and i noticed that no money has been put on my account. Can you please tell me the situation of my account?
Since I just got married I need to change my name.
My top-up didn't work.
I am unable to prove my identity
Can someone explain why I'm getting a message on my screen saying my transfer isn't possible? I've done several in the past and haven't had a single problem until now. What's going on?
I am still waiting to find out the status of my refund. I have made previous attempts to find out what the status is to no avail. Will you please look into this for me?
When will I get a new card when I order it, and how much will it cost.
Do you provide currency exchange to Euros?
I'm not verifying my identity.
I see a direct debit charge that I did not approve
What are the countries that you operate in?
My transaction is on the wrong account.
I was declined when I tried to take out cash!
How often am I able to top-up?
What is the fee charged for using my card?
My payment shows that it is pending will I be charged more money?
What is this withdrawal as I do not remember making it.
I want to transfer a sum of money from another bank account I have into this one
I believe that my transfer hasn't gone through.
I need to urgently transfer something from China. How long will it approximately take?
Tell me how to setup a new PIN.
I found my card. How can I put it into my app?
Hello. I just noticed I was charged two times for a restaurant I visited this week. Can you reverse the additional charge?
I am yet to receive the money in my account how long will this take?
Help me activate my card.
I'm supposed to have a refund but it isn't there
how can i get it to add money automatically while travelling
Do I have to use bank approved ATM's
I went to use my new card today and the card was repeatedly declined. I would really like to use this card and need to know what to do about it.
I need assistance to activate the card on my account.
If I want to add funds to the account using American Express, how do I do that?
I hope you can help me. Someone has stolen my wallet and now I have noticed that they have been taking money from my account.
How many digits identify the top-up verification code?
What is this €1 charge?
Hi I am trying to transfer money to another country but it is showing pending and it has been a long time.  I have checked numbers and they are correct.  Could you please help?
I've been waiting for a pending transfer to go through for a while now, and don't see any reason why I've been waiting this long.  I know that I have the correct account details, so that isn't the problem.
I had a card payment that was declined.  Why?
Are their certain cash machines where I can change my pin?
There is a duplicate charge on my account.
I attempted to deposit a cheque yesterday but the balance isn't showing today. Is it still pending?
Can you help me get a disposable virtual card?
I'm due a refund and it is not on my statement.
If I need to transfer something quick from China, how long does that take?
Am I able to track a card that has already been sent?
I could not get my card to work at a shop.
What flat currencies do you use for holding and exchanges.
There is random cash in my account.
Is the 1 pound charge going to be reimbursed on my card?
Why are my transfers getting declined?  I havent had a problem in the past.
Supported countries
Set a new PIN please.
I bought an item that I was charged a different exchange rate for.
Why did my top-up get reverted?
I use GBP for my salary deposits. Must I set this up somewhere?
Everything seems fine with my account, so why did it decline my payment?
I'm trying to purchase a flat but i need my first payment for my mortgage to go through first. I keep getting an error. I'm not sure what is going on but i need help making this transfer.
I got cash and was charged a fee that shouldn't be there!
If I don't live in the UK, can I still get a card?
You can use it anywhere that accepts Mastercard.
I have an account that is empty of funds. Can I transfer some from another bank?
What is the delivery time to the US?
I have trouble proving my identity.
I think my card is broke it's not working anymore
What source do my fund come from?
How do I get my card into the app?
How can my friend send money to me?
how do i find out about transfers
What is the refund process?
I have a missing refund
My card is expiring soon.
Why am I unable to verify my id?
My exchange rate is wrong when I get cash.
can I use it all over the world?
What areas are cards delivered to?
I don't see a refund in my account.
I want to close my account & I will never do business with you again.
There is an odd payment in my statement
Can I get an account for my son?
I need to get a card, but I live in the US.
Can you let me know where my refund money is? I requested a refund a few days back, but it's not showing up yet.  Do you guys have the money yet? Maybe it's just not in my account.  Let me know when it will become available, please.
What are the maximum amount you can do for auto top-up?
Can you explain your refund policy, please?
What do I need to do to transfer money with my credit card?
what are the reasons why you would not be able to process a payment
I need help verifying my identity.
In my app, a direct debit payment I didn't do shows in my app
How long does it take for a top-up?
Do I have an option between Visa and MasterCard?
In which stores can I shop with this card?
I have a problem with a transfer. It didn't work. Can you tell me why?
Why is the cash not showing in my account for the check I deposited?
My card didn't work at the ATM in Notting Hill.  Is my card working?
I tried transferring to an account but it won't let me.
I don't understand why my card payment is pending.  It has been pending for too long.  Why is this and when might it go through?
I've got a problem - I purchased an item maybe a week or two ago, but to the payment came back to my account! I've already got what I ordered, so why are the payment funds showing up in my account?
Show me how to link the new card,
Hello,  I am a college student who I recently attended my high school reunion at a local restaurant. I paid with my credit card and now my transaction history reflects a second charge of the seemingly same payment. What could be the reason for this?  Is there any way to have the fraudulent  payment credited back onto my card?
How do I go forth with bank transfers for top up accounts?
Is it possible to access my phone from the hotel/
What do I do to link my new card?
I seem to be unable to make any transactions.
I made a transfer the day before yesterday within this country. It is still not showing up at all. I have double-checked and the account number is certainly right. I've actually type this multiple times. can you look into what is going on here?
What does a pending cash withdrawal mean?
Explain the card PIN to me.
The app does not know it is me.
For adding money, which currencies do you accept?
I tried updating my balance by cheque yesterday but it doesn't seem to be working. Shouldn't that be faster? Please check my account something has gone wrong there.
How can I make my card ready to use?
Can I exchange USD and GBP from the app?
Why haven't I gotten my new card?
I transferred some cash and it has not arrived yet.
Why am I not allowed to transfer money to my cryptocurrency exchange?
I was charged a fee with my cash withdrawal that I shouldn't have been charged.
I just initiated a transfer but I'd like to cancel it.
I took out cash from the ATM, but something must have went wrong, My account shows the correct amount of cash I took out, but the ATM didn't give me that amount. How do I get my money back?
I need to move money from one of my other accounts to this one.
How can I go about transferring money to my account?
I see a cash withdrawal in the app that I did not do.
I'm trying to verify my identity but can't figure out how, what do I do?
My PIN was blocked.
It appears I have a fee in my statement.
I was not able to use the ATM to get cash
Will I need a new card or can I put my old card back into the app?
Do you have a problem with EUR exchanges?
Is my account able to be topped up by my friends?
Explain pending transactions.
Why and I being charged this fee?
My transfer is pending too long.
What is the formula for your exchange rate?
I am concerned that I am being doubled charged for several items purchased in the past week.  Please review my statement and correct.
Why isn't my cheque deposit showing on my account?  I though it would be faster and would like to to look into it and help.
Is there a limit for the amount I can top up?
Can you delete the account?
Why would a merchant revert a card payment?
Tell me why I need top-up to be verified?
How much could I top up?
limits on top ups
The exchange rate you are using is really bad.This can't be the official interbank exchange rate.
I need to know what these extra charges are on my statement?
I was charged the wrong exchange rate on a purchase
I don't have my card after 1 week. What are my next steps?
I made a payment but the app cancelled it.
There are strange transactions on my account.  What should I do if I think someone stole my details?
Does transferring money have a fee?
I should not have been charged a fee for my transfer.
How can I transfer money between accounts?
Why is there a random payment in my statement?
Let me know when applying extra charges for payments. I just checked the app and saw a fee that I wasn't warned about.
I have a transaction showing up more than once.
What do I do if I have forgotten my passcode?
Please send my card as quickly as possible.
How can I change to another currency?
I bought something and want the money refunded can I get some help with that?
My top up is not showing up in my wallet!
Are SWIFT transfers supported?
How much does it cost to make transfers?
Is it really necessary to verify my Identity?
Please tell me the limit to topping-up.
What should I do if my physical card isn't working?
Do you offer free ATM withdrawals of ones hometown currency while on holiday?
The correct exchange rate wasn't given to me for an item I purchased.
What are the details of disposable card limitations?
How do I close my account?
Do i have to top-up with my credit card before I can transfer?
Where is my PIN?
Whats the transfer process
2 weeks ago I ordered my new card.  It isn't here.  What should I do?
I am tired of getting charged fees, and I have no idea why, please let me know what/when you charge fees for.
Did you revert my top up?
How is top-up verified?
Which ATMs take the card?
My transaction history is looking a little off. I have been charged twice for multiple different purchases, and would like to have those duplicate charges refunded.
I didn't want to make a transaction, I want to revert it
I want to cancel a transfer I just made.
Why has my new card still not come?
The exchange rate on my payment doesn't look right
When does my transfer from the US arrive in my account?
Can I have multiple currencies in my account?
Do you need my birthdate?
my refund has not hit my account yet
Can I get a new card even though I am in China?
I would like to get your card in EU. Is that possible?
I know there's money in my account, why did my account decline me?
I need a new card and I live in the United States.
I was out today looking forward to paying with my new card, turns out the payment kept getting declined. This is really sad, what's going on?
How do I order my card?
I made a transaction to the wrong account!
I have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, I've checked that several times already.
Why have I been charged twice?
Can I write a cheque to top up?
I bought something this morning and the payment is still pending
Can you tell me why my top-up was canceled?
Is there a tracking number for the card?
What is taking so long on my transfer from the US?
Tell me why my topup wouldn't go through?
My son has just turned 13, is he old enough for an account?
What information am I going to have to have in order to do a transfer with my card?
Can I get a card in the EU?
Which countries are represented?
i cannot find my card PIN
I am still waiting for a transfer to show up
What do I do if I see a transaction on my card that I don't recall making?
I need Australian dollars instead of UK currency.
How can I reset my passcode?
There is a debit transaction on my statement that I did not make
daughter needs card, how do i add her
How do I activate my card to start using it?
How long will it be to get this new card?
What does pending mean on a cash withdrawal?
I bought something in another country but the exchange rate is wrong
Can i receive transfers from my employer to this account?
I was refunded the money for something I bought already.
No transactions are being accepted, what's wrong with my card?
I sent a payment, but the person I sent it to says they don't have it
How many disposable cards can I make in a day?
How do I go about ordering a new bank card?
I need a refund and cancel a transaction on an item I purchased and i need it as soon as possible, please!
Can you tell me why my transfer declined?
Can you tell me my code to get into the app?
I received a refund, however I cannot see it in my account
Tell me the currencies that you support.
Are there specific ATM's I can use with this card?
I need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please resolve this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
I require verification for my source of funds.
How do I initiated a bank transfer to top up?
Where can I find the verification code for the card top-up?
Why would my card payment not work?
I just got married and need to change my name on the account
I asked for more cash than what was received
where is the code for verifying the top up card?
What is the extra €1 on my statement for?
Why is my withdrawl to cash still pending?
What do I do about my expired card?
I could not transfer funds to a beneficiary; is there a problem with your software?
Is there any amount in which I would get cut off from topping up?
Why is the top-up I made still pending.
Hi, during online shopping payment is getting declined yesterday and today as well. Please check the issue.
I'm having problems making a transfer to another account. I keep getting a declined message. I know that the information I'm putting in is accurate because I have checked it more than once.
Why didn;t my payment work
I can't see if the transfer I did a couple days ago is in my account yet. I double checked my info before sending, too. Can you check this?
Do you offer auto top ups?
What do I need to bring for identification?
I can't be sure, but I think that someone may be using my card.
Hi, i was checking my old statements and found a discrepancy with a large amount transaction. I am sure it was not done by me. Please let me know if i could raise a dispute as its very late.
How long will I have to wait for my money to be in my account?
I do not understand why there is a pending 1£ charge on my statement, I do not recall making this transaction. Can you please tell me what this is about?
Has my account been frozen?  I tried to use my card but the ATM would not dispense cash.
Why did I get charged for a withdrawal?
Can friends I have top-up my account?
I paid with my card and was charged extra
I need to exchange between different currencies, like GBP and USD. Can I do that with your app?
My top up keeps showing pending?  How long will things be like this?  Days, weeks, months?  I need the money quite urgently for an important coffee purchase, can you please let me know when top up will work?
So earlier I went to an ATM and got cash. But when I checked the app, it states that the withdrawal is pending. How can that be when I have the cash on me?
Can I have more than 2 disposable cards?
It is extremely important that I cancel the transfer I made yesterday and put the money into a different account.  Is this possible?
There is a card payment that I'm not recognizing.
Can I receive money in a different countries money?
How many different currencies can I hold money in?
There's been a transaction to the wrong account.
I tried to transfer but it was declined
I transferred some money to a friend of mine who urgently needs some money right now. How long will it take to get to her?
Where do I order a virtual card?
Can I use top-up with Apple pay?
I've been trying to make a transfer and it hasn't gone through. Now I am receiving an error message.  What is the problem?
What is the max I can top up?
i tried using a virtual card for a hotel but it didn't work, why not
What can I do with a disposable virtual card?
How can I exchange USD and GBP in the app?
What should I do if my card doesn't work?
Help me find the transfer that I did.
I've made a bank transfer but the money doesn't seem to be in my account.
What cards and currencies can I use to top up my account?
What are the fiat currencies used?
How long does it take for the transfer to go through?
I have never been charged for making an ATM cash withdrawal before, but I am now being charged a fee to withdraw cash. What happened?
Why would my payment have been returned to my account?
Is there a charge for transfers?
How old must I be to open an account?
Can I use this app to change money?
Why is the payment I made still pending?
There is an urgent transfer I need to make from China.  How long will it take to get it processed?
What is the expected delivery date for my card?
How much will I be charged for a cross-currency exchange?
How much is the limit for top-ups?
If my cash withdrawal is still not showing, is something wrong?
I'd like to make some changes to my personal information.
Was there a way for me to get tracking for that?
How are the exchange rates determined?
Is there a way to reset the passcode?
My identity wasn't verified
Hello. My credit keeps being declined, last night and again today, as I try to buy something. What is the status of my card?
Do I have a choice for a Mastercard?
My card is about to expire.  How do I order another?
On my statement, there is a strange 1£ charge that appears as pending. What's causing that? I haven't purchased anything that's just a pound.
Is there a list of where I can use my card?
I checked my account today and saw that I was charged an extra pound that I did not spend.
What are the time frames for the money to be available in my account?
is there a charge on withdrawals?
I am not able to see the card PIN anywhere?
I have been waiting for my card payment to be moved from pending status for an unusually long time.  What is going on here and do you have an idea of when I can expect it to go through?
My exchange seems to have something wrong with it. I changed over Russian Ruble to UK pounds and it appears I was charged way more than I was supposed to be.
How many incorrect attempts cause card to be blocked?
Do you accept cash?
I believe my top up was reverted.
I received my American Express in Apple Pay, is there a reason why top up is not functioning properly?
You applied the wrong exchange rate while I was traveling outside the country.
Should my top up still be pending?
need to know where money comes from
Where do I top up?
What are then rules on beneficiaries?
I moved so I need to change my address. How do I do that?
I'm having problems with ID verification
Do you offer cards for those in other countries?
Why does top-up need to be verified?
I recently bought an item using my card and I was charged an extra fee why is this?
Is there restrictions on where I can use my card?
Hi,  One of payment is still coming as pending for which i have already paid by card. I guess it did not processed, could you please check and update me.
I use my card internationally to manage payments and I just noticed that you are adding additional fees.  Why?  I am a good customer and this has me thinking about leaving.
There is a top up that has been pending for an hour and I don't know why.  I was expecting it immediately and need it now!
Why wouldn't my withdrawal go through?
I've been waiting for a refund where is it?
My transaction went through but I was charged a fee. Why?
An overseas cash transfer did not work correctly
Is there a fee that comes with transfers?
Why am I being declined?
Please explain how I use the disposable cards?
A direct debit appears in the app but I didn't authorize it.
I used the ATM to get money out and did not realize I would be charged as much as I was or I would not have done that!
Do you accept all cards and currencies?
I need help- I got mugged yesterday and they took everything so I can't use the app.
Why do I see a fee when I do a transfer?
Are there ways for other people to send me money?
I need help with understanding why my card is not working.
Can I have my account add money automatically in certain intervals?
What are the restrictions on the virtual cards?
Why is it showing that my account has been charged a dollar that is showing as pending?
When I was drunk I got my card stuck in your machine because i mis-typed my PIN. What do I need to do to get it restored?
Why is their a charge pending on my card still?
There is a payment I don't recognise!
How does your app transfer the money
It seems that something went wrong with my exchange. I changed Russian Ruble into UK pounds but have been charged entirely too much!
Why was I charged an extra fee when paying with card?
your company is awful, i would like to delete my account please
HOW LONG THE CARD VALIDITY
What are the policies of disposable cards?
Hi, I was at a restaurant later the week and when I went to look at my account I noticed that I got charged twice. I would like to get my money back from one of those transactions.
How do i change my identity?
There is a withdrawal waiting.
I have to verify my identity. What do I need to do?
Someone hacked into my cards account.
Hi, would you please activate my card?
For some reason, the money I added was returned.
I need to top up, but I have to use an international card.  Is there a cost for that?
What is wrong with the exchange rate? This should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
I got $20 when I should've gotten $100
Where can I sign up for a virtual card?
I received a fee for obtaining cash, is this correct?
Am I able to have a card sent to China?
My passcode is not being accepted
I wanted $100 but only got $20
My account did not allow the transfer.
Why does a top- up need to be verify?
I tried withdrawing but my cash is not showing up?
I would prefer a Mastercard.
Where are the Mastercard ATMs?
The exchange rate from my card payment isn't right.
I need to move money to another beneficiary. Why is it not working?
how do i track the moeney
Someone took my card without my permission.
How can I check on the delivery status of my card?
I want to top up with my Apple Watch.
is there a way to fix my top up
My card is due to expire
When can I expect my refund?
Am I able to use my American Express to add money to my account balance?
How many transactions can I do with my disposable card?
What currencies are available for my use in holding and exchange?
Hi, there is a suspicious payment from my card. I definitely do not know who this is or who could have made this payment.
How come the ATM won't give me my money?
You shorted me money when I tried to make a withdrawal.
My card payment has been cancelled
I've got a weird problem: I purchased something a week or maybe it was two weeks ago, and the funds have come back into my account! Can you explain this?
How much will I be charged for exchanging foreign currency
How can I get my PIN unblocked?
Why am I charged to get money from the ATM?
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me a different amount than what I've been actually charged though...
Why was I declined when I tried to get my money?
There was a limited amount of money available at the time of my transaction.
Is there an allowance on cards?
i entered my pin in wrong and got it frozen. how many tries do i have
Um, my top up didn't work
How can I add money automatically?
Can I change my PIN without going to a bank?
what cards and currencies are accepted?
The expiration date for my card is coming up, how do I get a new card?
What do I do if I got the wrong amount at the ATM?
Can you tell me why my top-up failed?
Can you send me the actual card?
Is this card available to Americans?
How do I top up by card?
Why would you cancel my transfer?
Which flat currencies do you support for holding and exchange?
I have found my lost or stolen card, would I still have to activate the new card that was sent to me through the mail in order to access my account?
There's an error with the rate that is charged.
I just tried to top-up and now I'm getting an additional verification message, why?
I think my card is broken or something. I tried using it and it wouldn't go through, please help.
There is a direct debit charge on my account that I don't recognize.
I am still awaiting the money I put into my account this morning.
Why do I have duplicate transactions for one purchase?
I transferred money from one account to another account and I charged a fee for it. Why is that?
Why can't my beneficiary get access?
Why is the cash transaction still showing as not completed?
i can not see my top up
What is the process for activating a new card.
I deposited cash into my account, why do I not see it?
I got a card, how do I get it in the app?
I made a transfer and the receiver said they haven't actually received the right amount, but it's a bit less. Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing bit. Can you please alert me about this, what has been going on?
I did not get the right amount of cash from the ATM.
I can not find my phone or it has been stolen.
How long does it take for a new purchase to stop being considered pending?
I have been waiting for my transfer, shouldn't it be here already?
Why has my payment not transferred?
I'm concerned because my cash withdrawal is pending.
Why was my withdrawal requested cancelled by the ATM?
I want to be sure that everything is okay here. I just made a transfer from a UK account and it is still not showing up. How long does this typically take?
i have yet to get my pin
I double checked that I have the correct account details already, they're right for sure. Transfer is still pending since forever. It should not have been done so.
There has been a payment  in the App that has not be done by me.
Can I put my old card back in the app?
I received a message from a seller stating they hadn't received my money even though it definitely came out of my account. The money has now been deposited back into my account. Please get this resolved as soon as possible.
My card gets rejected when I try to use it
When will my new card arrive?
I can't get the virtual card to work
I have been charged way to much so something is apparently wrong with my exchange. I changed Russian Ruble into UK pounds.
I wish to use my American Express to put funds into my account.
Do I need to go to a physical bank to change my PIN?
how do i get a new card
I would like to get both Mastercard and Visa card from you if that's possible.
I went to the Notting Hill ATM to use my card the first time for a cash withdrawal but it didn't work. Does this mean that my card isn't working yet?
Why hasn't arrived yet a transaction I did to my friend?
Can you help me with proving my identity?
How long does it take for the card to come?
Can you tell my why my funds transfer did not work properly?
I am travelling and I was wondering what your exchange rates are
Why was there a fee when I pulled cash?
Why are there additional fees for transfers?
I want to make an online purchase but I don't want to use my credit card. Can you tell me how a disposable virtual card works and where I can apply for one?
There is a 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. What is that? I haven't purchased anything for a pound there.
What do I do if I can't get my card out of the ATM?
I'm pretty frustrated about a pound charge that keeps  showing up in my account statement. It's listed in the app as "pending", it never changes, and now I'm thinking someone's hacked my account!
Help my find the verification code on a top-up.
Why are top-ups being verified?
I tried to top up my account and it didn't work
Help! In the app there is a payment that I don't remember.
Can you tell me where  can change my PIN?
Do you know why my card payment has been declined?
I'm still waiting for my card.
Will you be adding more currencies in the future?
I am trying to revert a transcation I did this morning
My card payment might have been reverted.
Is it possible to get a Visa and Mastercard from you?
I purchased an item and the exchange rate was wrong
Why isn't my balance updating after depositing cheques and cash.
I'd like to transfer funds using my credit card.
Why should I verify the top-up?
In regards to the PIN of the card?
How can I track my card's delivery?
How can I order my card?
If I lost my phone at the hotel, can I still use the app?
Why does my transaction have an added fee?
Whats the limit on my top up
I attempted to top up using my card, but now the money just disappeared?
I made a transfer from France two days ago now but there hasn't made it there yet. Do international transfers take longer?
I was charged extra. Was the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday wrong?
My transfer is pending, why?
There are funds showing in my app that I did not receive.
Why is my balance still the same after a cheque deposit?
My payment has been cancelled
The purchase I made is still pending.
I need a physical card.  What are the fees?
Will I be charged for adding money using an international card?
Can you refund my purchase?
I keep checking to see if I've received a refund that I requested from a seller, but I'm not seeing the refund. I need you to help me get the refund.
Why is my transfer taking so long. I thought it was supposed to only take 1 day if I made a transfer to someone. Can you wee what went wrong?
Can you tell me where to find my top-up verification code?
Can I see where my funds come from?
How often can I top up?
Hello, I was contacted by a seller who let me know my money didn't come through on their side. It most certainly came out of my account so I need this looked at immediately because now it has been returned to me!
The exchange rate was wrong?
I lost my phone! Will my card still work?
What do I have to do to activate my card?
I did a transfer but the balance is the same.
I don't remember my password
How can I periodically check the delivery of the card you sent?
I will not be able to verify my identity.
How does someone else top up my account
Is it possible to refund an item?
Explain why my card payment wouldn't go through.
What is the source of funds for my money?
I got a message that my transfer is not possible.  What is happening?  I need this to go through please.
Can I top-up my card using a bank transfer.
There is a potentially fraudulent direct debit on my account.
I was overcharged an additional pound.
Why hasn't my money transfer shown up yet?
For some reason I forgot the passcode I have.
Explain top-up cancellation
Please tell me where I can update my details since I moved.
withdrawal pending meaning?
I was charged a fee for withdrawing cash.
I sent some money and the account hasn't recived the transfer I made.
I have yet to receive the cash I added to my account this morning.
why didnt a transfer to my account process
How long should a transfer normally take to process completely? I have a friend that needs it right away, but it's already been 2 hours and she hasn't received it.
Why am I being charged for withdrawing cash but haven't in the past?
I just recently got a new beach condo in Bora Bora, and to furnish it I used this account a lot from overseas. It's upsetting, being a long-time customer of yours, that I saw extra fees on my account from my currency transfer. Is this what I should expect from you in the future?
I am upset with your service.  Please delete my account.
Can you please explain disposable virtual cards for me?
My card needs to be activated.
Someone stole my account, there's a withdrawal but it wasn't me, can we put a stop to it please?
I need to exchange my GBP to AUD, how would I do this?
What payment methods are used to top up?
How much longer until I get my new card?
The payment for the card did not go through
What's your refund policy if I bought an item from you?
The company is no good, please terminate my account.
Give me a refund now!! I am still waiting.
Can I get a card? I live in the US.
why can't my beneficiary make transactions?
how do i get a pin for my card
I entered my pin wrong  too many times.
What if I type in the wrong PIN too many times?
why is there a fee for a payment on my card?
I would like to alter my personal details.
Can you explain to me why a top up would be reverted?
Show me the amount of transactions I can do with a disposable card.
I have money in a foreign account that I want to send to this account.
I did not have the right exchange rate applied to my situation of pulling out cash
The ATM gave me less cash than requested
There is a payment showing on my app that I didn't do. Will you please cancel this payment and refund my money ?
Help Me!  I lost my card.  What should I do?
How long does it take to recieve my new card?
Is there any reason why my card didn't work when I tried to top up?
can you top up your account automatically
Where can I check to see if there will be a fee added to my payment? Are there specific instances that will result in a fee added?
I topped up but the app denied it
I made the incorrect payment for my rent yesterday and this needs to be fixed by no later than tomorrow. How can you help?
Why am I being charged for ATM fees?
Why on earth is the exchange rate so bad?   Can I get a rate closer to the actual interbank rate?
Which credit card top-ups do you accept?
why do I have an unknown payment?
I just had my card get declined at the ATM! I need to get money out but I am unable to.  Why has this happened?
I would like my refund for this item I bought.
How long does it take for my top up to clear?
Somebody stole my wallet and is using my card! Can you do something so they can't keep taking my money?
How can I top up my card with another card?
Is there somewhere I can send a check to add to my account?
Who charged me a fee for paying by card?
I misplaced my card and I dont know where the last place is where I used the card last. Can you look at my account and tell me the last place I used the card?
I am seeing in the App a some cash withdrawal that I did not do
Why do you need to perform identity verification?
What is this $1 charge on my account?
Please delete my account immediately.
Where can i top my card for free?
How do I receive more physical cards
Am I allowed to transfer money to a beneficiary?
The cash I wanted wasn't there.
Please cancel the latest ATM charge on my card as my card was declined earlier today and I did not receive that cash.
are SWIFT transfers an option?
Why didn't the ATM give me all my money
Tell me how to change my details.
The ATM only gave me 10 pounds when I withdrew 30. What do I do?
How long will it take the money to appear in my account?
Can i receive transfers from my employer this way?
If I'm getting my identity verified, what all do I need?
A receiver let me know that they didn't receive the full transfer I completed and that it was actually a bit less than what I sent. At this point I have to make another transfer to make up for the amount missing. Can you please follow up with what's going  on here?
What countries can I use the card in?
There was an unexpected fee for my cash withdrawal!
I can't withdraw money
I have cancelled payments to this card.
Please, tell me why I can't have the funds I deposited a week ago? I need the money now.
Why is there a 1 euro fee on my statement?
Please explain why my payment was declined? I thought everything was good.
Does the card you sent have a tracking number?
Why would a transfer to an account not be allowed?
Can someone please explain to me where my source of funds came from?
I think my card is expiring, what happens then?
I transferred some money to my mom 2 days ago and she has not received it. I double checked the information and it looks right. Can you help me?
I have a new card and need to activate it
What is this extra fee on my statement.
What do I do if my payment was reverted?
Are there any charges for topping up a US-issued card?
i am under 18 and i am trying to verify my id. why wont it work?
I was expecting my new card by now.
I can't see my refund in my history.
Why hasn't my refund been appiled to my account?
How long does it take for pending transfer transactions to post?
How dp i top up with a cheque ?
Can it specifically be delivered on a certain date?
I have a transfer that is still pending.
The ATM did not give me as much cash as I requested.
I didn't get the all the cash i wanted from the atm
how do the cards work?
how can i add money to my account if you don't accept cash
What is the delivery time for US?
I think there may be something wrong with my card. I have never had issues with withdraws before, but this morning on the way to work it was suddenly declined.
Who can request disposable cards?
Please tell me, do you use Visa or Mastercard?
I need to add more funds to my card today because it keeps being declined, and I need to use it immediately. Can you fix this or tell me alternatives?
What steps do I need to take to exchange currencies?
What are the disposable cards used for?
Why was I charged extra when transferring?
wheres my money receipt
Is there any way to cancel a recent transfer?  I did not mean to make it and need to make sure it does not go through.
why do I have to show my ID
I asked for a certain amount of money from the ATM, but it gave me a different amount. Less than what I asked for.
Could you help my figure out the exchange fee?
How do I exchange currencies using this app?
I haven't received money from a transfer?
how to i go about getting my virtual card
There was a fee charged when I paid with my card.
My statement is showing I was Charged a dollar and I am not sure why.
One of my card payments, I don't recognise the name of the merchant.
Please help me get a Visa card.
Why was I charged twice for my item!
My PIN number was incorrect, and I can't access it.
What do I owe for a new card?
I can not find my refund.
I'm trying to verify my top-up card, but I can't find the code...?
I tried to do a transfer and it's saying it declined.
Are EUR exchanges acceptable?
Payment I did not make.
How come there is an extra fee on my statement?
There's a $200 withdrawal on my statement that seems fishy to me.
Where did my top-up go? I can't find it in my wallet
found card, how to put it back in app
Are you only able to get a card if you're in the UK?
Why did my transfer to a beneficiary fail?
What's the wait time for European transfers?
I want a new card
My card doesn't work when I use it.
I am getting an error stating my transfer is not possible while transferring money. Let me know the issue as its the first time i am getting error, earlier it used to work.
Where is the cash I deposited?
Why was there a fee for my cash withdrawal?
Are new cards available from China?
How can I fix this?  There is a double charge on my account.
There has been a transfer pending in my account and I wanted to know how long it is going to take to go  through.
I noticed a different charge while I was taking my money out.
I've used my account frequently over the last month to manage my payments from abroad for my new place. I noticed that my fees have suddenly increased. As a frequent customer, shouldn't I be rewarded rather than suddenly being subject to a new fee?
Is there an auto top up feature?
How does on apply fora refund on an item he ordered? I ordere an item and have not received it yet so i want to cancel it and get a refund
I am here to change my adress.
I was charged a fee for using my card. Can I check that in any way? It seems like there are occasions that I am charge for fees. Can you elaborate this?
I noticed the currency exchange rate was incorrect after paying for something in a foreign country.
What reasons would cause my card payment to be cancelled?
I have a payment that shows twice
My transfer failed, why?
Whats the maximum number of disposable cards that I can get?
Why can't I take money from my account?
I didn't receive my money earlier and it says the transaction is still in progress. Can you fix it?
Is there a disposable virtual card option?
I am afraid to give you all my identify details.
The exchange rate was not correct for the item I bought.
A payment shows up on the app that I never made.
I forgot my pin and am blocked now. Can I reset it somewhere?
What can I expect at card expiration?
Is there an age limit to open an account
I'm not sure why the card payment didn't work.
Why are my payments not working and show pending?
I was charged twice for the same purchase!
I've lost my card. What can I do about that?
When I travel, can it automatically add money in certain intervals?
Can you close my account please?
Where can I find a list of descriptions the disposable cards have?
Why did you give me so little currency?
what do i need to have with me to activate card
You sent me a card and now I want to link it.
If I see a payment in the app that I don't recognize, what should I do?
Google pay top up not working.
How will I know my pin number?
Are there discounts for frequent currency exchanges?
In the app I see a direct debit that I don't recognize.
Can I order another card?
My payment did not go through because the app reverted it
My transfer to my account is missing.
I'm not recognizing the card payment.
Can you help me to quickly cancel a transaction I accidentally did to the wrong account?
I don't know what's going on but all of my transfers keep getting declined. I have checked over the recipient details twice. These details are all correct.
How do I change my AUD into GBP?
My transfer didn't arrive to the recipient
I didn't make a payment that shows in my app.
Are you able to make exchanges to EUR?
Do you give refunds?
Does it matter if I use Visa or Mastercard?
I ordered my card but it hasn't been delivered yet
What was I charged a fee for card payment?
I would like more physical cards
I was charged an additional amount of money for making a purchase with my card
where do you have locations at
Will my card work at all merchant locations?
Do I have to pay for a second card?
Why did using an ATM cause me to have an extra fee charged?
After making a payment with my card it doesn't seem to have worked. It's just showing to be pending. When will this actually be going through?
Can you accept my other card from the U.S.?  It is the only other one I have.
What are the charges for topping up US card?
The exchange rate used on your app is really bad. I'm considering closing my account because of it.
I have a direct debit on my records that is strange and I need help.
I cannot remember my passcode.
Could you please help me?  I made my rent payment and have double checked that I sent it to the right account.  The person receiving it says he has not received it but it shows complete on my side.
Does it cost anything to get a new card? Mine's about to expire and I'd also like to know how long it takes to get the new one.
I think I got charged twice for the same thing
What is the expected delivery date of my card?
Why hasn't my withdrawal shown on my statement?
When will my deposit post to my account?
Can I use my card in another institutions ATM?
how much for a physical card?
I still haven't gotten my new card.  When will it get here?
Tell me what I need to do to activate my card.
I see a fee that I think was charged because I paid by card.
Can I obtained a Visa Card
I need several cards per day. And I need to be able to throw away all of the cards I make.
The app won't let me transfer money to a beneficiary
How do I top-up automatically?
Can I transfer money using the SWIFT service?
Where can I get money from my card?
WHAT IS THE MAIN REASON OF THIS PROBLEM
what is the average wait for transfers
Please give me a Mastercard instead.
How much do you charge for exchange rates?
Give me back my money, I'm not paying the sellers. It has been a long time ago that I made an order and it just isn't coming.
I need to verify the source of funds.
What services can I use to top up?
Are there any disposable virtual cards?
Is it possible to get a physical card?
How do I get my money back for a duplicated charge?
I would like to invalidate my account.  I am very disappointed with your services.
My payment didn't work and the money is in back in my account.
Can I change my pin number at a cash machine?
There is a Direct Debit that looks suspicious.
I can't get cash from the ATM!
I bought some things in the morning but the payment shows as pending
There's a card payment I didn't make
Would it be possible to open up an account for children?
Can you please inform me of the restrictions for the disposable cards.
How long do transfers take, mine just says pending?
I am not recognized by the app.
is it possible to top-up with google pay.
Why is this fee being charged to me after using my card?
How do I know what exchange rate I will get?
I need to know where my funds come from.
Why would my card payment get reverted?
I cancelled my card payment
I am still waiting for a transfer I did
What do I do?  My card is broken.
why verify the top up? it doesnt make sense
Is currency exchange possible?
Hey, I'm buying a flat and I need my mortgage to go though. However, every time I check I get an error message. Is there any way you can help me with this transfer.
DO you know the reason for the identity check?
I see a strange payment in my account.
Where are your cards delivered to?
My card was supposed to arrive, but hasn't?
Why haven't I been given a virtual card yet?
Is exchanging currencies a feature of the app?
I made a bank transfer but it doesn't seem to have gone through?
Will there be a fee to receive a physical card?
How long do transfers take to show up in my account?
When I withdrew money from my account the other day, I noticed that there was a fee.  I didn't think that there were any fees for withdrawals...?  How much will I be charged?
I am still waiting for a money transfer to appear.
How can I switch on my new card?
I want to cancel a purchase
I got a cheque that I want to top up with?
When will my deposit be processed?
Hi, I am on vacation in Spain and someone stole my bag with my phone and wallet with cards and everything. Can you block it ASAP and then I want to order a new one also ASAP.
Can I use a bank transfer to add money to my account?
Do you guys accept cash? Because i deposited some this morning and I can't see it in my account.
Am I able to top up with this cheque I received?
Hello, I see that I have been charged an extra $1 on my app.  Could you please provide me with a reason for this charge?
I want to have an item refunded can I do that?
I have a fee listed for a transfer.
This past holiday I made a withdraw at the ATM machine, and it seems I've been charged too much.
How can I check on the status of my new card?
I desperately need to transfer something from China, Please give me the wait time.
I transferred money to my account but it is not showing.
There was a strange transaction made on my account a couple weeks ago by a seller I don't recognize. May you please check on this transaction for me.
Can I transfer money to my account with the app?
What's up with the extra fee I got?
What do I do to verify my source of funds?
There is an extra charge on my account I didn't authorise, it's just £1, what is it?
What are the steps needed to top up with Apple Pay?
I am still waiting on my bank transfer
I attempted to complete a topup, and I thought all was well, but now the money is gone again. Has there been a glitch?
Are there steps I need to take before my card expires?
How do I go about ordering a card?
I deposited money but my balance hasn't been updated yet.
Google Pay won't let me top up.
Do you have support for flat currencies?
I need your help to get a refund for an item I just bought, can you cancel the payment since what I bought hasn't arrived yet.
Okay, I found my card, can I put it back in the app?
I'm trying to purchase crypto via the app. I haven't been able to get it to go through. Am I doing something wrong?
My app says I withdraw funds from my account through an ATM.
Are there any limits to using disposable virtual cards?
What should I do with my stuck ATM?
Someone has a copy of my card !! I definitely still have it here but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal, HELP!
What is the process for getting an actual physical card?
Will I be charged any fees if I want to add money with an international card?
Why haven't I received my new card yet?
Where are the cards transported to?
How can I update my personal information after moving?
Do the disposable cards have any restrictions on them?
A friend was telling me about her disposable cards. What would I have to do to be able to get that feature?
What happens when my card expires?
THere is some cash that is showing up on my app.
Someone has stolen my phone, what should I do?
My card is almost going to expire.
How many transactions can I do with a disposable card?
what is the limit for top-ups?
I think that the exchange rate was wrong for the payment made last Saturday - I was charged extra.
What are the currency types that I can keep money in.
I'm confused ass to why my contactless is not working.
How is an exchange rate calculated?
Can I use my Apple watch to fill my gas tank?
why did my payment revert
I tried to deposit a cheque into my account and it is not letting me.
Is there a reason I was charged an extra fee for using the ATM?
When will I receive the cash payment from the check I deposited?
I have a duplicate payment on my account
My friend would like to send me money. What are the options available to them?
show me how to transfer to my account
If I add money with an international card, are there any fees?
Can an apple watch be used to tup-up?
I do not have the information to verify my identify.
Why would I be charged an extra fee while doing a transfer?
How can I fix my card if the contactless function didn't work this morning?
What is the first step that I should take after my card has been stolen?
Is the EUR accepted for exchanges?
What do I do if my card is stolen?
I didn't see the money I added to my card.
There are transactions that I did not make on my account, I think someone has my information.
Someone else might be using my card without my permission.
I don't know where the top-up verification code is.
I need to transfer to my account and cant.
My card will not work
After making a transfer from a UK account it's not showing up. How long do these transfers normally take for you? I want to be certain everything is all right.
Why are my transfers and purchases keep getting declined?
I just made a transfer from a UK account. How long does that typically take to show up? I just want to make sure it worked alright.
I have a service fee that I've never seen before. It showed up after I bought something from an international seller online.
The app isn't letting me log in, but my info is correct.
Why did you charge me a fee when I made a transfer?
How can I locate the virtual card?
I forgot what my pin number is and now am blocked can you help me get in?
What happens if the ATM doesn't give the right amount of money?
How do I locate my PIN now that I have my card?
I didn't set up the direct debit I have
My beneficiary didn't receive my transfer
Next time maybe let people know that buying things from another country costs extra. I used my card to purchase an item from another country and I was charged for the item and also an extra fee it looks like. I wasnt aware of this and I think I should get a refund.
I have a disposable card but it does not work?
Is the 1 pound charge I can see an error or an incorrect entry?
I don't understand why there is an extra €1 fee in my statement.
I think my top up may have been reverted, what do I do?
I deposited cash this morning, but it is not yet available.
I can't remember what my password is
How do I open an account for my children?
Is there a way to link the card i just got?
I need my card to be activated right now.
I want to transfer money into my account, what do I do?
top up not completed
Why is a transfer to a beneficiary not possible?
What do I do if I already had a card with you guys?
I don't have my mobile device and am unable to make the payment because I forgot my details.
What do I do if I can't access my passcode?
I can't upload my identification.
There is a payment in the app that I did not approve
Can I convert money into different currencies?
Am I limited to what ATM I can use my card?
There is more than one charge on my account for a transaction.
Cash withdrawal has been pending, why is it so?
What commission do you take for currency exchage?
I am waiting on this refund, hurry up.
use my credit to add money
How do i secure a top-up card?
Can I have a spare card for this account please?
My card was declined
Where did the money I deposit go??
Why would a cash withdrawal still be pending?
Can i cancel this purchase?
The top-up did not go through.
I used foreign currency to buy something and I think the rate applied is incorrect.
can I have multiple currencies?
I have a pending payment on my card.  Why?
What are the top-up fees for my card?
Where can I activate my card?
What is the maximum number of transactions I can do with a disposable card?
What is the procedure for depositing a virtual card
Can I auto top if I'm low on funds?
I paid my rent into the wrong account, could you please pay it into the right account, it needs to be done by tomorrow.
A 500 pound cash withdrawal was just made from my account, but I didn't make it. I am pretty sure my card has been compromised - can you help me?
The transfer keeps failing - I tried to transfer some money to friends this morning but it keeps getting rejected for some reason, I have no idea why
Do you support fiat currencies?
How to receive transfers from my employer when I get paid in GBP?
Why is it saying my card payment is declined when I made it?
How do I fix a transaction to the wrong account?
I was trying to make a transfer and got an error message telling me it was not possible to make the transfer. This has never happened before, what happened?
How long do deposits take to appear? I've been waiting for more than a week and need the money!
I haven't received the money from the check I deposited.
Can I get a refund on an item?
The amount of cash I requested to withdrawal did not match what I received when exchanged
How do I report my card as lost or stolen?
I have yet to receive my virtual card
What do you charge to top up US cards?
Can you tell me about the exchange fee?
Help me terminate and close my account.
I accidentally chose to exchange GBP, but I need to pick AUD. How can I change it?
If I have a physical card can I link it?
Why is identity verification required?
Can I change my PIN at any ATM?
Why do some of my payments have fees?  I don't understand.
I have forgotten my passcode
According to the app, I got cash from an ATM but I haven't made any transactions.
I haven't received my card yet, how long does it normally take?
Where in the European Union can I get a card?
Why has another fee been placed on my statement?
I made a cash withdrawal at an ATM but it still says pending in my account.
Will you tell me how to exchange USD for GBP in the app?
How do I check security settings on my card?
Is it possible to exchange currencies?
What is the cost for physical cards?
Why was I charged $1 in a transaction?
My card is about to expire.  Where do I get a new one.
Is my PIN sent separably?
Are there restrictions on new cards in China?
Do the disposable cards have any restrictions?
I paid two weeks ago and just got refunded
How long would does it take for a seller to receive an EU transfer if I bought something from them and sent them the money immediately?
I was mistakenly charged a fee for using my card.
Have you sent out my card yet?
I would like to order a virtual card, where can I get one?
I am overseas in China, can I get a replacement card?
Is there a fee to top up by bank transfers?
My transfer did not work, what was the reason?
Will I be able to get both a visa and a mastercard?
Somebody made a withdrawal from my account for 500. I have my card so how can this be? Does somebody have a duplicate card or something? Help please.
Can you help me track my card?
I was using foreign currency at an ATM, but the rate was typed in wrong.
I thought transfers were free, why was I charged?
How can I dispute a direct debit charge on my account?
For some reason my card payment didn't work
There is an urgent thing that I need to transfer from China. Approximately how long will it take?
I have one other credit card from the US. Do you take it?
Can you unblock my account?  I entered the PIN wrong.
How do I verify the source of my funds?
There is an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did you charge me extra?
The app reverted my recent payment
I sent some money but the intended recipient says it hasn't arrived
The ATM will not let me get cash, WHY?
Where is my missing cheque I deposited?
I have a trip coming up and want to add money automatically.
Was I charged extra for using my card?
Can you tell me why the transfer isn't showing up on my account?
Transaction showing up many times.
Why is there a direct debit fee in the App when I didn't do it?
I tried to make a payment with my card and it was declined. Why is it pending?
Why was I charged this extra fee while doing a transfer?
Is it possible that my card payment was reverted?
I tried to get cash in the ATM but it was not approved
I was suppose to be getting a refund for something I purchased a while ago, but It still hasnt been applied to my account. When will I get my money back?
can I link a card of yours I already have?
Is the card welcomed by everybody?
I got this stupid fee after taking cash out, why?
What can I do to verify my card?
Which locations can I withdraw money from?
Why hasn't my return cleared my account?
I need to change my address in the personal details.
Can my children open an account?
I had everything lined up to make a transfer, and then it rejected it.
Can I get a Visa card?
What is the handling fee for transfer?
How will I receive my PIN?
My rate is not right when I used my card in a different country's money.
Help me with a PIN change.
When do you charge fees on accounts? I just saw a charge on my statement.
Can you help me process a refund?
What is the procedure of unblocking my PIN?
cash and check deposit has not gone thru
I was charged for using my card?
where do you find your exchange rates?
I need to cancel a transfer
The expiration of my card is near, how do I order a new card?
What about my children?
Did you deactivate my card it's not working anymore
I haven't gotten my new card.
How does the exchange rate work?
I made a bank transfer from my UK account today, but it's not showing.  Can you check status?
where can i located the auto top up function?
A seller is stating that they haven't received money yet when the money has already deducted from my account.
Can I top up my balance with a cheque?
What is a pending cash withdrawal?
app malfunctioning, does not know its me
My app says I made a withdrawal, but I didn't.
Will I see fees from adding money with an international card?
Why does a payment show up twice?
How do I know when my card will expire?
Why use a disposable card?
Please tell me why the purchase I made online returned payment. I really wanted this item and I've been trying for 2 weeks.
Can I have more than one card?
Will I be charged a fee for a SEPA transfer?
Why can't I top up by cheque?
I want my purchases cancelled.
I heard that you support more than one type of fiat currency, would you tell me which ones please?
When will my payment go through?
I got my card a few days ago but am unable to top up. I'm thinking about closing my account because of this. What is going on?
What are the top up charges for all US cards?
Can I update my details?
While on vacation I used an ATM to get cash and was overcharged. These charges are ridiculous and had I known about them I would have never used it.
I hate this company! Can you delete my account?
If I need more than cards will I have to pay a fee to receive them?
Can you see my new balance yet?
How can I sign up for a virtual card?
Hello,  In my most recent ATM transaction, I didn't receive nearly as much cash as I thought I would - what is your exchange rate policy?
the exchange rate is wrong from something I got in another country
The exchange rate you're using is terrible - this can't be the official interbank exchange rate, can it?
How do I use a card to top up?
Why did my payment get declined?
What do I need to do to cancel a transaction?
What went wrong with my transfer?
I forgot my PIN number.
Am I able to get both a Visa and MasterCard from you?
Please delete my account now.
Hi I'm waiting for a refund for an item I bought. I have contacted the merchant directly but had nothing back. Can you tell me whether or not you are able to refund me for the item?
What stopped my transfer, from being accepted?
There was money taken out of my account, and I'm pretty sure I didn't do it.
I need my card right away.
I have a cash withdrawal that I don't recognize.
Can my children get an account?
I'm trying to make a payment to my new landlord. Even though the payment was sent a few days ago, it isn't clearing on their side. Can you verify that payment has been made?
I would like to top up my account with a bank transfer, is that allowed?
Can I receive a refund for an item I purchased?
I am from X but am traveling to Y - how do I get currency for Y?
Although I am not located in the UK area, may i still receive a card?
There is a weird payment in my statement.
What do I need for activation of my card?
I'm supposed to be getting a refund but it hasn't shown up, now what?
Why is my card payment still pending?
What are the current exchange rates?
I need to verify a payment to my new landlord. I transferred the first rent payment a few days ago. While it shows on my side, the landlord is saying he hasn't received it yet. Can you verify that it has processed?
My latest transfer seems to be missing.
how do i set up my apple pay watch to connect to my account
Can I have a friend send money directly to me?
I'll send a check to top up my account
How can I fix this? The ATM gave me more cash than I'd asked for.
Can I cancel a transfer I made
What is the status of my top up?
I'd like to delete my account.
I just replaced my phone so do I have to make a new account?
Can money be exchanged from one currency to another?
Does it cost anything to transfer money for a top-up?
What happened to my top-up? I think it was cancelled.
How long do I have to wait for Europe transfers?
Can I make transfers before my identity verification?
I withdrew cash abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong.
I'm not sure what I need to verify my identity.
I have a strange transaction on my account which appears to pertain to a cash withdrawal I made outside Nandos in Leeds.  What is that for?  Is it fraud?
Can you unblock my blocked pin?
Is there an additional cost to exchange currencies?
What businesses can I use this card with?
Why hasn't my top-up gone through?
Is there a reason to why I was charged twice for a transaction?
Are there virtual disposable cards?
Do you charge extra for exchanging currencies?
Transfer could not be completed due to being declined.
The app rejected my top up
How long do you expect me to wait for the transfer? It finally worked out, but has been pending for a long time and it's quite urgent.
What are the reasons a beneficiary would be denied?
My card is not working when I try to use it.
My card isn't working at all. What happened?
how can i add money from my amex card
My statement shows different transaction times.
I did a bank transfer to top up, but the money is not available.
Can I possibly change my currency to another?
My passcode won't work.
Why did I only get $20 when I asked for $100?
There is unexpected money in my account.
For topping-up is there a charge?
How much does it cost to do a transfer?
I made a payment with my card and it hasn't changed. How long do you think this will take?
I don't know my password
Can I see the source of my available money?
Will there be extra charges regarding to adding money into my international card?
Is it possible to exchange USD and GBP on the app?
i received my American Express in Apple pay, is there a reason why top up is not working?
I normally have no issues making transfers, so why am I suddenly being told it is not possible?
Some cash I didn't get shows in my app
I tried to make a transfer and it failed.
I contacted the seller for a direct refund last week but he still hasn't give me my money. What should I do?
There is a payment that i made that i noticed has not gone thru yet. Can i ask why?
Will there be a charge when money is added to my account?
How do I reset my password?
I can use this card at which ATMs?
I happened to forget my passcode
Can someone help with my passcode?
How fast can I transfer something from China?
There has been a red flag on my top up.
I still have not received an answer as to why I was charged $1.00 in a transaction?
What should I do if my card payment was cancelled?
How long should it take for my top-up to finish? I've been waiting a while.
I want a refund on this.
Where can I find a Mastercard ATM?
I completed I transfer the day before yesterday in this country. The transfer still is not complete. I've checked on the account number multiple times to make sure that it is the right one. Can you check to see what's going on with this?
Where is my last money transaction
Why isn't my refund showing up?
I'd like to make a SEPA transfer to my account, but will I be charged?
How long will a transfer from China take? I need to transfer something from there.
Help! I think someone has a copy of my card - I still have my card, but a five hundred pound cash withdrawal that I didn't authorize is shown on my account.
If I were to transfer, what would the cost be?
My card arrived but I need to make it work in the app, how do I do that?
I would like to change to a different currency.
What is the reason my payment was not accepted?
i cannot get virtual card to work
Where is the PIN number found?
Can my friends top up my account?
I need to order a new card as my old one will expire soon. Can you tell me how to order a new one?
I keep getting an error message when I'm trying to transfer funds! Why aren't you accepting that?
A debit came through that I need to dispute.
Will it cost extra to add money to an international card?
I requested for a top-up but it has not reflected
My wallet is empty even though I topped it up an hour ago.
how much is it to exchange currency
I got a notice from my app that I withdrew cash but I don't remember doing so. How do I fix this?
I am not receiving the correct exchange rate on my card.
Do you give out Visa or Mastercards?
I tried to withdraw cash from the ATM machine and it did not work. Can you tell me why?
Can I get a new pin number at any ATM using my card?
What currencies can I use to top up my account?
Is there a reason why my virtual card won't work?
How long to UK transfers usually take? I made a transfer but it didn't pop up in my history yet. I just want to make sure it went through.
Why hasn't my cheque processed?
Can you tell me what i need for the identity check?
I need a Visa and a Mastercard from you.
How long does a bank transfer take to show up in available funds?
I can't find my PIN anywhere.
What is my top-up limit?
Can I use my bank account to send me more money?
How old do you have to be to open an account?
Are currency exchanges free?
How do I go forth on transferring a sum of money from one account to another?
How do I verify my identity online
What happened to the money that I deposited?
Can I use my virtual card to complete transactions for memberships?
What's the earliest time to receive my card?
Is my card broken? I can't get cash out of the ATM
Delete my account now please.
Payment I didn't do.
what amount of time does it take for a transfer to reflect and be available
I was checking my statement and my top-up has been reverted
Why did I get less cash than what I asked in the ATM?
What are the reasons that my mortgage payment won't go through? I'm getting an error and don't know how to correct to get this transfer to go through.
How much extra will I be charged for exchanging foreign currency?
My cheque deposit didn't seem to work.
How long will my cash withdrawal take
What is the estimated date for delivery to US?
Can I auto top-up as much as I want?
Can I have money of different country of origin.
My statement shows charges for things I never purchased. Were my account details stolen?
My password doesn't work.
Good day, in reviewing my credit card activity over the last several days, I see a repeated charge for a restaurant that I went to. The charge was put through twice, so I would like one of the charges corrected and the amount that was withdrawn to be reinstated please.
Why didn't my transfer to a beneficiary happen?
Why isn't my google pay top up working?
The app is having trouble verifying my identity.
My transfer didn't complete. Why can't I access funds?
WHAT IS THE REASON FOR THAT
What is going on? I have checked over and over and the details of my account are right. Why is my transfer still pending? It's 2018 not 1818. Transfering money to another country can't be that hard.
Do EU transfers happen quickly? I purchased something a few days ago and the seller hasn't received my money yet.
Where do i verify a top-up card?
My top up isnt working
How do I see what fees I am supposed to be charged on my account? I've noticed fees on some transactions, but not on others. This is very confusing and I cannot find a pattern to what I am being charged?
I havn't received my PIN yet.
How come I have pending transfers?
Someone has copied my card. I have my card with me, but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. Please help now.
When is my balance going to update, I just transferred some money
Could you please explain why I received a message that my transfer is not possible? I've never had any problems making a transfer in the past.
i tried to withdraw money but was told i didn't have funds
Is it possible to top up by card?
Would I have to pay anything if I need an additional card?
Do you have a return policy?
Can the exchange rate change while I am in the process of making a withdrawal?
I'm waiting on a top-up, its still pending
The cash deposit I made this morning has not been credited to my account
I tried topping up my account but it failed, can you help me?
One of my payments was doubled
Can you tell me what I need to do to have my pin changed?
Who do I talk to for transactions debited twice?
What can I expect if I use bank transfer to top up my account?
How can I information on my limit for top-ups?
Is there an extra fee to exchange currencies?
How do I replace a stolen card?
Tell me why my card payment would be reverted.
Do I need to order a new card if mine is expiring?
Do you ship your cards anywhere?
I prefer Mastecard.
How much can I withdrawal in one month without incurring fees?
Is American Express accepted?
Needed gas, been delayed for half an hour.Please fix it!
Is it possible to do auto top up?
Do you not accept crypto transfers from certain places? Because when I tried to do a top up the money just disappeared. Im not sure what to do or what I'm doing wrong, please help.
Hello,  I have recharged topup but account is not credited. Please help me in this, i guess there is some defect in system.
What do I do after my card expires?
I made a card payment which is showing me pending.
How long will a transfer take from Europe?
I wish to remove my account.
Why is there an extra charge on my statement.
I'd like to have it delivered on Saturday.  Is that possible?
Is there a Mastercard ATM nearby?
I deposited a cheque with some money, but the balance hasn't changed.
There is a card payment I'm not familiar with.
The refund isn't appearing in my account
I'm interested in holding and exchange for flat currencies, what do you support?
Why are the payments being declined on my new card?  I tried several times to use my new card to pay for my gas at the Shell station in my neighborhood.  I am very distressed about my new card not working.
How long does it typically take to make a transfer from a UK bank? I just made one and it hasn't shown up in my account yet.
What currencies can I use?
Where do we mail the card?
I wasn't able to use my top up card because the money I put on there wasn't there anymore
Who gets support?
What does my daughter need to open an account?
I got an cancellation error when I was topping up.
There was a charge applied when I used my card.
Can you explain why my payment was charged a fee?
The exchange rate is incorrect for my cash withdrawal transaction.
Why did my transfer not work, it says it was declined?
I shouldn't have been charged but I see a fee, why?
My account is depleted. Can I transfer funds from another bank?
My disposable virtual card got rejected
I made a mistake and need to cancel a transfer.
What are the places that you deliver cards to?
My top-up was rejected by an app.
Why is my purchase showing as pending?
I have obtained the salary in GBP, will it need to be configured?
I want a disposable virtual card, how do I do that?
Will you send me a new card in China?
Is there a problem that makes my payments show pending?
Why is top up not working for my apple pay app
My card still hasn't arrived after two weeks, now what?
It's declining my transfers. Normally this works, but my card is being declined now and I've tried more than once.
Is there a auto top-up option?
This exchange rate you use is awful! Please tell me this is a mistake and not the official interbank exchange rate!
how to get virtual card
My bag was stolen from me yesterday, so I can't use any apps or anything. I need some help.
I have lost my card! What is my next step?
Do you take both Visa and Mastercard?
How can I get my card out of the stupid ATM that ate it?
How much will it cost me for a SEPA transfer?
Is there a fee to add money to an international card?
Why is my disposable card not working?
I'm sure I have enough money so why didn't the store accept my card?
How long does transfers take?
Which countries do you support?
What card or currency can I use to pay?
Can I get a card although I'm not in the UK
i want to get my salary deposited as pesos?
Why can't I withdraw funds from my account?
My card didn't go through.  It doesn't make sense.  You told me that everything was ok.
I transferred money, but I think I've been charged a fee for it?
What's the limit to how much I can top up?
I want to open an account for my child.
Your exchange rates are coming from where?
Was my transaction reverted with my card?
My account balance has not updated to reflect my recent transfer.
My payment is in the app but hasn't gone through yet
Is there a cost to receive money?
The transfer was accepted but now it's stuck on pending. When will it go through?
What places accept my card?
Apple watch top up help, please?
Is my top up not working?
Tell me what ATMs allow me to change my PIN.
I saw I was charged extra for money I withdrew?
Will my GPB update my salary
Where can I use this card?
The app doesn't think that I am myself
What are the uses for disposable cards?
If i want to change my pin number can I directly from an ATM?
There is a withdrawal on my account I didn't make.
I made a transfer recently but it has not changed on my dashboard.
I have a transfer from the US, How long is the wait?
Is this card accepted by ATMs?
What would II do if I wanted to activate my new card
What is the dollar that I have pending on my statement there?
Why is the ATM not allowing me to get cash?
I tried entering my pin several times incorrectly. Why isn't my pin working?
Am I allowed to change my PIN anywhere?
Does the app top up automatically?
I would like to know more about what a disposable virtual card is?
With what currencies can I add money?
Is it possible to change my address?
Help me please, I need to top up cash.
My virtual card isn't working.
There's a payment showing in the app today even though I have not used my card at all. I want a refund.
Can you tell me more about limits to disposable virtual cards?
How can people transfer money to me?
I did a payment but it was reverted by the app
I do not think the pop up went through yet.
What are the exchange rates?
Where do I get a disposable virtual card?
How do i transfer something faster than normal?
Hello. Can you help figure out why the recent transfer from my UK bank account isn't showing up?
What does it mean if it says my card payment has been cancelled?
I performed a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it has not gone through? Can you check on that? The account number is definitely correct, as I've checked.
I don't know if I made this payment on my card.
Is there a way to link cards if I have one of yours?
My transfer was declined. What might the reason be?
How do I exchange USD to GBP?
How long does it take in Europe to do a transfer?
You can do that in just a few seconds. Go to account, hit activate, and follow the directions from there.
I need to transfer some money to a friend who is in urgent need of some fast cash. How long will it take before she can use that money?
What other currencies can I hang onto?
Hi, I have done a topup, but my money was reverted. Please look into this issue.
My last name has changed and I need to update my account details.
Where's the money from my transfer from Europe?
A fee came along with me paying with card
How can I change my Rowlock ?
Can i choose a specific delivery date?
Where is the refund on my statement?
Who should I talk to or go to resolve a duplicate charge on my statement?
Why is it taking so long for my money to appear in my account? I have been waiting a week!
i cannot seem to activate card
Is there a way to see my money's source?
Can I call to get my card activated?
I'm still waiting on a payment
Hi, I lost my phone yesterday, what can I do to stop someone using my account on it?
Why is my card payment still pending? It should have gone through already.
I have have multiple charges for one transaction.
Is my card denied anywhere?
Why am I getting a fee on a card payment?
This place has been too much work so I'd just like to close out my account & be done.
hello I have lost my phone and I'm worried someone's going to steal money from me
lost card found, want to put it back in app
I accidentally left my phone at the hotel so now I'm not able to use the app.
Will I be charged for topping up my account using a bank transfer?
Why did I get charged when getting cash?
My payment's stuck on pending.
May I get my salary paid out in a different currency?
I would love one of the virtual cards!
If I ordered my new card last week, how much longer should I wait to receive it?
Why hasn't the app verified my identity?
Which currencies do you handle?
I haven't received the PIN yet.
How long does a transfer to another country normally take? I check over and over again and see that my transfer is still pending. It's 2018, nothing should take this long. I have confirmed my account information, so there is no error. What is the hold up?
I have a direct debit I didn't make
With my new card, how may I activate it?
when will I get my refund?
My ATM withdrawal was cancelled
Why would my card payment be reverted?
I topped up but my money is not showing. Why is that?
Where is the card PIN located?
What's the fee for exchange of foreign currencies?
is there a frequent currency discount?
When I purchased a product in another country the currency exchange was incorrect.
How do I top up my account with a bank transfer?
I want some extra physical cards.
How long does it take for me to get my pin
Why is my friend not getting a transaction arrival yet?
I requested a refund from Next because the dress I purchased had three arm holes. They said they sent the refund last Wednesday which is nearly a week ago and I still don't have it.  Why not?
How can I put more money into my account?
Will there be any extra fees if I exchange currencies?
I need to exchange a currency - can I do that here?
The funds I transferred are not in my account
What is the extra fee that was added when I used the card?
I would like to dispute a payment I didnt make
Hello, I recently ordered an item and I need help with cancelling and processing a refund as soon as possible. It's very important that I get my refund quickly.
Can I use a different currency with my salary?
im worried about fraud how do you protect my account
Why is a transaction still pending?
A duplicated payment was made for something.
What are the sources for the funds in my account?
I am angry that I got charged for using my card.
I am having a problem with verifying my identity.
When can I expect to receive my card?
I didn't receive the amount of cash I requested for the ATM.
I noticed that my card was charged more than once for one thing.
Why is the app showing a still pending message on a withdraw that has already been done?
Would I be charged any fees if I added money to my account using an international card?
Can you provide information for freezing my card immediately?
why is top up pending
I ordered something online a while ago and I haven't gotten it. I would like a refund.
My card has an expiration date, will you send a new one automatically?
My card payment is just showing up as pending since forever, what's going on with that, when should it be going through?
Will I get a visa or Mastercard?
Why was I charged a fee for withdrawing money off my card?
Where do you export the cards to?
Does the exchange rate change?
Can you please explain the topping up transfer process?
Transfers may show up as pending for up to one business day while they are processed, and then they'll depart for the beneficiary accounts. Please confirm that you have correctly entered your account details. SEPA transfers typically take up to two working days, while SWIFT transfers can take up to five working days.
What caused my transfer to fail?
I do I top up from my Apple Watch?
How long does it take to make an urgent transfer from China?
I've tried to send money to my friends and I keep getting rejected. Can you please tell me why, I don't understand.
How long after a failed topup will funds refurn to account
I would like my card activated.
I am at the ATM and tried to withdraw 30 pounds and it only gave me 10 pounds, what do I do?
My card will expire soon, When do I need to order a new one?
I got billed an extra pound!
I'd like more info on getting a virtual card.
What has to be done to verify my identity?
Tell me if there is a top-up limit.
Need help with a stolen card.
Can I use SWIFT transfers?
Is this card available to United States Residents?
Do you offer SWIFT transfers?
I'm locked out of my account as I can't remember my code, what do I do now?
When shipped to the US how long is delivery time?
Where do I have access to a virtual card?
I don't have a virtual card - how do I get one?
My card was stolen. What do I need to do?
What countries do your accounts support?
I don't recognize this payment
Please let me know what currency I can use to top up my account?
What is the process to change my PIN?
Why has my transfer not arrived yet?
What do I have to do to change my pin?
A few weeks ago, a strange transaction was made on my account by a seller I don't know. I am quite sure I didn't do it and will like for you to check it for me.
I urgently need to top-up my card but its getting declined. Please help me in this or advise with other options if any.
Can an American resident apply to get a card?
Guide me on how to unblock my PIN
How do I find the refund on my statement?
Why isn't a refund showing on my statement?
What is limit of disposable cards  I can make per day?
Are your cards available in the EU?
Will I be charged for topping up?
Why were there additional charges when I transferred funds?
I've been waiting for over an hour for a top up to go through.  How long is this supposed to take?  I really need this money.
Why isn't my deposit in my account?
what currencies do you accept?
I entered in the wrong PIN.  Please help me unlock my account.
I just replaced my phone but how do I use my card information?
Why should I have to prove my identity?
When I got my cash, the amount was not what it should have been, based on the exchange rate.
There is a direct debit patentp that I haven't authorized.
How do I order another card?
Where do I look for cash top up?
What is the limit on disposable cards?
How do I link a new card to an existing one?
where has my transferred money gone?
I made a transfer from my UK account a couple of hours ago.  Could you please make sure everything went alright.
Can you tell me how I go about activating a new card?
Cash I did not get showed up in my account
I want to top up by using a credit card, which ones do you support?
I see a direct debit payment on my app that I did not do
I have not received a refund.
How do I know where I can use my card?
Why do the top-ups need to be verified?
Why have I been charged a fee for transferring money?
I received duplicate charges.
Can you issue both a Visa and a Mastercard to me?
How do I top-up my card with a cheque?
i didnt put that money in my account
I haven't received my virtual card yet!!
If my salary is in GBP, do I need to do something?
Can I change my PIN online?
How can I reset my darned PIN number?
I accidentally exceeded my PIN tries.  Please advise.
There is a  €1 fee on my account I didn't authorize
I did not receive the correct amount of cash.
Hello, I trying to top up with my card today but it didn't work. When I tried last time it worked but today it isn't. Could you take a look at it for me?
I need my purchase cancelled.
Someone made a mistake on my money transfer because I was charged extra fees.
What is the source of your exchange rates?
I wondered if multiple currencies is okay?
I made a top up yesterday but it's still pending.
I got some cash out of the ATM over the holiday and it seems that I've been grossly overcharged. I wouldn't have done that if I knew of these outrageous charges!
How long will my transaction take?
Are there any top-up limits that I must follow?
The cheque I sent a few days ago has not been deposited yet, what is the hold up?
I don't have a PIN at this point.
How come I can see an extra charge for my transfer?
Hello, I tried to top up with my card, but it didn't work. I just got it a couple days before and it works fine. What's the deal? Can you check into this?
What is the fee for topping up a US card?
It's been some time since refilled the top-up.
I transferred money but the recipient does not see the funds in their account?
I still don't have a refund.
What currencies can be exchanged in the app?
My friend deposited $100 into my account, but it is not showing up!
There is money missing from my account.
Help my prove my identity.
I don't know what this Direct Debit payment on my account is for.
I don't see my refund money yet in my account. I asked the merchant a while ago for a refund, so I don't know what's taking so long.  Can you look into it and see if the money is there, just not in my account yet?
A transfer has been made in my account that I need to cancel.  This was a mistake on my part and I hope we can get this resolved quickly.
I want to top up my account. What payment methods are supported?
How do I know when my new card is going to arrive?
Why was my cash withdrawal given the wrong exchange rate?
My card is missing.  Please help.
How do I fill out the identity check?
I have a canceled top-up and wanted to know about it.
Tell me how a top up would be reverted.
I am worried about the amount of my cheque, which should be credited to my account few days before. As i have already sent you the cheque.
Is there any way to know how the transaction got on my account?
What countries can I use your services?
I need to do a card activation.
what are the steps to activate my card?
can i top up from a usa credit card
Why did I get a $1 extra fee on the statement?
Why didn't the money I transferred into my account get added to my balance?
Why was the payment on my card declined?
Is there a reason that my top-up is still pending?
How do I make my card appear on the app?
Why is my identity not verified?
Please assist me with activation.
My transfer to an account failed.
Why did my card get charged twice for a transaction?
How can my boss pay me directly to the card?
tell me why I was charged more with my card?
There is a payment with my card which i definitely did not do.
Do I have to verify the top-up?
I need help as fast as possible! I made a mistake on my most recent transfer; can you please stop it before it goes through?
How do I find my new pin?
What fiat currencies are used for exchange?
What are the steps I need to do if I have a stolen card?
I shouldn't be charged any fee for transferring .
Which atms allow me to change my pin?
Please explain why my transfer attempt was declined. Thank you.
Yesterday I had my phone stolen.  Please advise what I should do.
I keep checking my statements but nothing shows up.I requested a refund a long time ago but seems like it's not submitting my account for some reason. Can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
My card payment has been declined, why?
Does it cost to add money to my card?
I prefer mastercard.
Could you inform me as to why I have been charged a higher fee for doing banking abroad.
Where is the top-up verification code sent?
I believe that my card has been stolen!
Why have I been charged a fee for card payment?
My funds must be verified
Why do I see an extra €1 charge on my statement?
How do I transfer money between two of my accounts?
How do you come up with your exchange rate
I had trouble with an incorrect rate being applied when using the ATM with foreign currency.
I looked on the app and it says I withdrew cash.  I didn't!
Why, when paying with the card, was I charged an extra fee?
How soon do cards arrive after I order them?
Where can I find your exchange rates?
Can other people top up my account?
I got cash from an ATM earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. How can this still be pending, I already received the cash?
Help! I need to cancel a transaction.
I have an unfamiliar direct debit in my statement.
How do I update my address?
What factors effect the exchange rate?
Please explain the charge of 1L in error.  I have purchased nothing in this amount.
My Apple Pay top up with my American Express card is not working? Please tell me why
I topped off my card is that something you will charge me for?
Are EUR exchanges allowed?
Is there a limit for age?
I can't get the card itself to work.
Can I choose what card I can use
to cash withdrawals charge me?
Please explain the exchange rates.
Why wasn't my top-up accepted and where did that money go? At first it said it was confirmed but now I can't find it.
how do I link an old card?
Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
Why is my card payment pending?
How old can one use your service?
Can you point me in the right direction of where to go to roder a disposable virtual card, I can't seem to find it.
Since I got married, I need to change my name.
I want to transfer money with my credit card.
Is there a limit on making disposable cards?
Why couldn't I make a withdrawal from the ATM?
A card payment on my account is shown as pending.
My card payment has been stuck on pending. What is the problem? It should have gone through by now.
What should I do if my smart phone is lost or stolen?
Are there limits with top-up?
I couldn't get money from the ATM
Where is my virtual card located?
One of my charges was declined, but the second one went through.  But I notice on my App that one of them has gone through, and the other one is still pending.  Please ensure that only one charge is processed. Thanks
Why did I get charged a fee for transferring money?
Why do I have a charge for an ATM withdrawal? I thought these were free?
Why isn't my Google Pay top up working for me? Did I do something wrong?
I see a duplicate payment.
My pin isn't here yet
Why is my transfer more expensive than I thought?
Can I use app to reset PIN attempts?
Someone stole my phone, what is my next step?
Card payment is showing as pending
The terminal I paid at wouldn't take my card. Is something wrong?
Help, I don't see my money i just added.
who should i contact if my refund doesn't go through?
I put some money in my account the other day and it's not gone in yet, can you help with this?
Can I change my PIN on my phone?
Why aren't my payment funds available to me?
The amount of cash i have received is not correct.
I think someone stole my card number and brought stuff in different places that I have never been to. I need to suspend any further purchase on my credit card.
Currency exchanges have any extra fees?
Do currency exchanges cost extra?
How do I top up by cheque?
Can you tell me why I was charged to withdraw cash?
Where is my top-up verification code?
Card payment didn't go through.
Top up keeps failing
I have checked the account information several times to be sure that it is correct, but the in country transfer I did a few days ago still has not appeared! What is the hold up?
virtual card won't work for me
Do I need to order a new card before it expires?
My transfer didn't work how come?
I can't find any option to top up with a cheque?
I can't see my cash deposit in my account.
I just topped up, and the app denied it.
The ATM kept my card?
I can't withdraw any money from my account. Ive tried a couple different ATM machines and both of them wouldn't give me my money. What's going on? Is my account frozen or something?
I really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please resolve this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
The app shows a withdrawal that I did not make or authorize.
Why do you need my name and ID
Will there be a cost if I exchange currency?
How does one send me money?
I need my card delivered as soon as possible.
Transfer declined.
what are the reasons I have to proof my identity to you?
How can I receive money from my friend?
My refund is still pending
A mortgage payment I'm making is giving me an error message.  This is the first time I'm making this payment and want to know what's wrong.
Why is there a cash withdrawal I didn't make?
How do I transfer funds directly from my credit card?
What was the extra charge for withdrawing money?
My transaction from earlier needs to be reversed.
I couldn't transfer to an account.
Why are you charging me a transfer fee?
What do I do if I believe to be a victim of credit card fraud?
Are money transfers free?
Can you help me get Top Up to work in the Apple Pay function?
What is the fee for accepting money from a foreign country?
What if I want to add a card I already have to the app?
Can I change from AUD to GBP?
One of my card payments has reverted
How do I go about getting hold of a virtual card?
I haven't received my cash yet.
When will my top-up happen?
Why is there an extra €1 fee in my statement?
I'm wondering how long it takes for my money to get to me after a bank transfer.
I bought an item and now I want a refund.
Can I choose the day it's delivered?
I have used my account abroad for a while without any fees, why am I being charged additional fees all of a sudden?
How much do I need to pay for a transfer?
Please give me both Visa and MasterCard, is it possible?
How do I report a cash withdrawal that wasn't me?
my card payment has been declined, do you know why?
why do I need to show ID
i would like to dispute a direct debit payment
What businesses accept my card?
How do I change to a different currency?
I need to transfer money into my account, and I don't know how to do that.
My wallet isn't showing my top-up, did I do something wrong?
Do I need to pay more for exchanging currencies?
Hi, I have an apple watch. How do I use it to top up my card?
Do I need a disposable card?
Can you assist on apple watch top ups?
I got married and need to change my name.
Looks like my card payment was duplicated after all. I went to pay at the store earlier, got declined once,second time it works. App still stays pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and was declined?
I tried to transfer money but it didn't go through
Will I get extra charges?
When my card expires soon, how fast is the replacement card sent and what are the costs?
I sent a transfer to a friend that needs it urgently. It has already been 2 hours and still hasn't come through to her. How long does it normally take?
there is a transfer pending.
My cash withdrawal was declined, why?
Money was transferred to me and I am unable to see it
I will need a new card because mine is almost expired.  How fast do I get a replacement and what is the cost?
My card isn't letting me purchase something and I wanted to know why.
How come my top-up didn't go through instantly, like it usually does?
I want to know your exchange rates.
Why won't you accept my payment? I keep trying with this card and it's not working.
Purchases I did not make are appearing in my bank statement?
I made a transfer and the receiver did not get the right amount its lesser than what it should be,Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . Can you please help me about this, what should be done
I'm seeing a direct debit payment that is not me.
I'm interested in learning more about product refunds.
What is the estimated wait time for transfers from the US?
I did a transfer but it is still pending.
How can I order a card?
i didnt do this charge
Explain to me why a transfer would be declined.
Why is there a pending time on my transfer?
I was charged two times for the same thing.
I need my card soon.
My withdrawal from the ATM was cancelled.
What ATM locations are near me?
A payment is pending
Can I use my card wherever I want?
I didn't realize that there were any fees for withdrawing money from my account--this has never happened to me before.  What exactly are the fees?
What is the limits on the number of disposable cards I can have?
I believe my card has been compromised as there's a cash withdrawal I don't recognize.
I was removing a dollar amount from my account and now don't have access to my card.
Why are you charging me for ATM withdrawal? It has always been free before.
i bought the wrong size and would like a refund
Will this card work at any ATM?
I was denied cash at an ATM
I want to give a second card for this account to my daughter, would this be possible?
how long should i wait ti activate my card
How can I close my account?
Help me verify my identity.
I have made a payment by my card, and its still pending since a long time. Could you please tell me when it will process.
I need help finding the verification code on the top up card.
Do you know how I can verify that I did a top-up to my card?
My card was declined at a restaurant today and I am not sure why.
Is it free to send out more cards?
I would like a second card.
I sent money to my family last Friday but they don't have it.
Which fiat currencies are compatible for exchange and holding?
I notice there's a pending payment on my card.
I need to renew a card that's about to expire
Where did the money transfer go?
I just transferred some money. Why was I charged a fee?
Why would I get a decline message in a transfer?
I have an unknown charge.
Why was my transfer request decline?
When can I expect the transfer to be complete?
Do you limit my top-offs?
When do I get my card PIN?
I attempted to top up my account but it's been frozen in a pending state for well over an hour now! Is this normal? I'm a new customer and this is my first time doing this. I assumed it would be done quicker than this.
Where can I order my virtual card?
My card payment still pending
How can I add physical money to my card?
I was overcharged one extra pound!
why wont my american express work to add money
Can I have a tangible form of my virtual card.
How much does a transfer cost?
Why was I charged an additional fee when paying with card?
Hi, I am trying to buy something online, but i think there is some issue in my card. As payment is reverted. Please help me in this as i am facing the same issue from last two weeks.
I don't have my cell phone with me so I cannot access the system to complete the transaction.
I'm worried that my card has been compromised because I see a payment that I didn't make.
where is card accepted
What flat currencies do you support for holding and exchange?
How long will my transfer be pending?
My daughter needs to open account.
I am being charged a pound out of nowhere. What is this?
How do I activate my card, so that I can start using it?
Can I top-up my google pay?
Why was the exchange rate so wrong when I bought something!
How can I verify my identity?
Can you tell me the cost of a transfer?
What is the reason my cash withdrawal is still pending?
There's an extra fee on my statement, why is that?
What should I do if my passcode won't work?
where is my new card?
Should I complete my security verification before I can use my account?
When can I expect my card? I live in the US.
My payment card was declined - could you tell me why?
How can I exchange currencies in the app?
I think you reverted my top up.
Will I see the transfer in my account within the week?
What do I do if my card gets broken?
Will you set a limit to my top-up?
What is the top-up limit for my card?
What is my password?
need to exchange currencies
I had to pay one pound more than the set price!
What are my payment options for topping off my account?
What is the reason for the fee charge on my transfer?
Top-up is loaded into the card and no update.
I have no idea why there is a dollar that has been charged to my account.
I think that the card is stolen.  What are my next steps?
I just bought an item and changed my mind.  I have not received it yet how can I get refunded.  Thank you.
What are the fees imposed when I make a transaction?
My card payments have stopped.
If I top up using a European card is there a charge?
My identity isn't being accepted, what should I do?
The transfer finally worked, but how long does it stay pending?
I draw out money from your ATM during holidays, and was charged insanely. I wouldn't have done it, if i had a little sense about the shocking charges.
I deposited a cheque, but my account balance stayed the same.
I made a transfer and the person I transferred the money to didn't receive the right amount? Why did this happen and how do I get the rest of the money to them?
Why are my withdrawals suddenly being declined?
Do I need to speak to a representative to change my pin?
My top-up does not seem to have worked, what  went wrong?
The wrong exchange rate applied to my cash withdrawal.
I tried using a foreign currency at an ATM, but the ATM provided me an incorrect rate. Why is that?
Why is my transfer still pending after all this time?
there is a charge i dont recognize
I am not recognizing a debit payment from my account.
Declined, transfer not completed.
Why is this payment on my app
What different currencies can I get?
I travel a lot, can I get a bulk currency exchange discount?
that fee should not be there, you charged my cash for an unnecessary thing.
I'm not sure how to provide my identity.
Why is my refund not showing up on the statement?
I have a new card and I need to activate it.
My card expires very soon.  What is the cost and delivery time to get a new one?
I left my card at a restaurant and now its missing.
How do you determine your exchange rates?
can i see money source?
My top-up was rejected
How do I obtain a second card?
Has my card been lost in delivery?
Is it possible to change my PIN?
How to order a virtual card
What do I need to do for a refund?
How do I activate my new card
Can I return an item?
Can I use a check to top up?
wheres my pin
Where can I change my PIN?
Can my account be topped-up by friends of mine.
I just did a money transaction but its not showing they received it
I was wrongfully charged one pound.
I looked at my statement, and there is a charge for 1£ that I don't recognize.  Why is it on there?
Give me a refund
I tried to pull cash from an ATM but it wouldn't let me.
Where do I find a virtual card?
Are you able to delete my account?
I deposited money in the form of a cheque, but my balance has not increased.
Do you know which businesses will accept my card?
The App shows a fraudulent payment made on my account.
I'd like to provide my daughter with a card - could I get an additional card from my account to give her?
I want to use my card. How do I activate it?
Is it possible to use an ATM when I am not in the country and make a withdraw with out extra fees?
I don't need to transfer anymore and I want to cancel it.
What is the process for activating my card and using it?
can i get a card if I live in the usa?
Can I use check to deposit?
I decided I no long want something that I ordered, and want a refund. How do I go about doing that?
Why hasn't my balance been updated from the check deposit I made?
Help me access the card I already got so I can information from it.
My payment has not been accepted.
The transfer that I was trying to complete was declined. What was the cause?
What is the $1 transaction on my account?
Why have my top ups been canceled?
I was charged multiple times for one purchase
My source of funds need verification.
my card details could be stolen, as i didnt make these transactions
I would like to delete my account now, please.
Why can't I transfer to another account?
Why can't I see my top up?
How do I dispute a direct debit on my account?
Is there something wrong with my top up I did an hour ago? it's still pending. I need that money, i cant afford to wait or have it come back to me.
Must I verify my identity?
What I topped up was reverted by the app.
I want to transfer money into my account
Why can't I get my top up to work in Apple Pay?
what steps do i do to get a real card
How can I check to see where my funds come from?
How do I protect my phone from someone using it after I lost it.
I tried to do a transfer but it didn't go through.
Physical cards are what I need more of
Transfers may show up as pending for up to one day while they are processed by one of our payment processors. Then, they will depart for the beneficiary accounts. Please also double-check that you have entered the correct account details. SEPA transfers can take up to two business days, and SWIFT transfers can take up to five business days.
My transfer still says pending
Are there any reasons that my identity wouldn't be accepted even though everything I've provided is factual?
How do i activate my card
I got some cash but it wasn't the right amount.
I think I was charged by mistake on my debit statement.
Are there restrictions on disposable virtual cards?
My card is broken
Tell me why my card payment has been declined.
How do I add my new card to the app?
I topped up last night but don't have any funds, why not?
Contactless payments need to be enabled for my card.
How can I change my PIN without going to the bank?
I have made a recent check and cash deposit that isn't reflected in my balance.
When I add money to my international card do you charge a fee to do so?
I did not get my virtual card yet, Why?
I keep checking my statements but no progress.I requested a refund but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. Can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
I was unable to activate my card.
Do I need to re-apply to order a new card when my old one's about to expire?
I am still waiting for a money transfer to process.
HOW DO I TRANSFER MONEY FROM MY BANK ACCOUNT?
how to get new card after atm eats it
I do not know why I was charged for the $1 transaction.
I need to change my last name on my account because I just got married.
The exchange rate applied is wrong for my international purchase.
I need to transfer money to my account from another bank
What are all of the different steps for identity checks?
What am i missing to verify my id?
My Identity verification hasn't passed yet is it possible to use my account?
Can I make a withdraw in my home currency at an ATM? I'm on vacation and am a bit worried because I don't have cash with me. Is it possible to withdraw here without any additional costs or fees?
Why is there an extra charge of 1 dollar on my statement?
My wallet was taken and I see that someone is using my card!   Please help me!
The cash I deposited using the ATM is still pending
How long will it take to get to the US?
I would like to terminate my account.
is it free to add money to my card
My refund has not arrived, and I am unsure why. Who do I contact?
Hi, I am unable to use my card in ATM. I had tried my card in two ATMs but both ATMs declined it. Could you please check my account?
My wallet was just stolen and I see my account already has a withdrawal. Can you please help me.
Does it cost anyting to get my own card?
Help me cancel a transaction.
where can I change my address?
Is there a list of ATMs that take this card?
Where are the cards delivered to
I did not receive my purchase, how do I cancel it?
How do I sign up for a card if I'm in America?
Can I change my PIN on holiday?
How can I change my old pin to a new one?
How do i top up my google pay?
how soon will my card arrive?
How do I set up my card PIN?
How can I obtain a disposable virtual card?
Why did I have to pay extra because I paid with my card?
Why won't my card work anymore?
Which countries can I change my PIN in?
I want to cancel a transaction from this morning.
How do I see the source of my money?
Why was my atm withdrawl declined
There are transactions that I don't recognize. What do I do if I think someone is using my card?
who charged my card
What was the cause for my card to be declined?
May I get one of your cards?  I live in the EU.
I'm trying to verify my top up card, how do I do that?
Trouble with my top up
I was the victim of someone stealing my wallet.  My card is being used and it isn't me.  What should I do?
I believe you charged me too much to exchange my money
The exchange rate for me was wrong when I was abroad.
My accounts been charged a payment for something I didn't make.
What happens when a beneficiary can't receive my transfer?
Why am I unable to withdrawal cash?
Why was my transaction not approved?
Can top ups be done from an apple watch.
There is a payment on my card that I do not recognize.
Can you tell me why my transfer is pending still?
Why has my card declined
Why was I charged an extra fee when using an ATM?
How do I dispute a direct debit that I didn't do?
What locations are cards delivered to?
What do I need to do for the card activation?
can usa residents get a card?
Is there anything to do because my phone was stolen?
Will I get a Visa card or Mastercard?
I lost my phone and need help protecting it.
I tried my PIN too many times and now my card won't work!
How many days does it take for a transfer to go through?
I seem to have a problem here, I bought something about a 2 weeks ago and just now received the payment back into my account and I've already received the item. Can you tell me what is going on here?
can i use my mastercard to add money to my account
There are two of the same charge on my statement.
My transfer failed when I tried.
I can't figure out how to change GBP to AUD, what do I do?
What is the exchange looking like?
How can I Use thereto-top option?
I purchases several items today. Why are they still showing pending?
How long does it take for a transfer to be in my account?
my phone was taken yesterday, what should I do about my account?
Where do I find the verification code for the card I'm topping up?
Why was there an additional fee on the payment I just made? I don't usually have additional fees applied to my payments.
Do I need to select a preference to receive my salary payments in GBP and, if so, where?
I received my card, how do I get it to show in the app?
Is there a way you can have money from a purchase I made refunded to my account.
Where can virtual cards be ordered?
I wanted to know why there is a transfer of mine pending.
If I don't live in the UK, can I get a card?
I checked the app and my balance has not been updated for the cash or cheque deposit.
Why did you revert my top-up?
Is there a reason behind why my transfer did not work?
How can I top up with Apple Pay?
Do I receive the physical card for free
I was charged twice for a restaurant, can you take the second charge off?
Can I reset my PIN?
What is the age limit for an account?
I bought an item at the wrong exchange rate.
I've been waiting for a top up to come through for over an hour and I need the funds now.
What is identity check?
I selected to withdrawal 30 pounds but only received 10. I'm still standing in front of the ATM. The app shows i took out 30 pounds also. How do i fix this?
How long does it take to verify a person's identity?
I can't access my account.
Why was my request for cash declined?
I'm waiting for a transfer from the US, how much longer?
Why hasn't my ID been verified?
I think the rate that was applied to my purchase using foreign currency is wrong. Help!
Am I charged more for using the ATM?
Are there any ATM's near me that accept this card?
How do I order a new card if my current one is about to expire?
WHAT IS THE ATMOSPHERE OF IT
If my card becomes expired what can I do?
I received the wrong exchange rate for an item i bought.
I can't use my virtual disposable card
How do I replace my card?
I got some items this morning but the payment says pending
How do I know where my funds come from?
I got a transfer fail message, but no explanation of why-- what happened?
Why wouldn't the ATM give me cash?
I got a new card, how do I link it?
Why can't I take $100 out
Do you have an age requirement when opening an account with your service?
i need a refund from you because the merchant is refusing, can you do that?
I want to reset my passcode, how can I do that?
Explain why a card payment would be cancelled?
The exchange rate for my cash withdrawal was incorrect
What is needed for the identity verification?
Since when were there charges for taking out cash from my account? It's always been free for me to do this before.  How much are the charges going to be?
People are using my debit card - help!
for god sake, just delete my account i am sick of this
I need to exchange foreign currency will i be charged?
I don't have my passcode to access the app.
It looks like my card payment was sent back.
how much for topping up by card?
Who can send me money?
Is the closest ATM to me within 2 miles?
Is there a reason my new card hasn't arrived yet?
unsupported transfer declined
What is the reason a transfer shows as pending?
Report stolen card
I was making a purchase and it was declined and I wanted to know why.
I recently deposited some money into my account, but it still isn't showing up. What's going on?
Why doesn't my passcode work?
I would like to change currency
Where is my PIN located?
I was unable to transfer money to a beneficiary.
The ATM wouldn't let me withdraw cash.
What currencies do you accept to add money?
I couldn't transfer money to my bank, why not?
I deposited a check yesterday and Im not seeing it in my account. i need the money, is there something wrong with my account? check it out please
Why was I charged for a cash withdrawal at the ATM?
I still do not see the cash deposit in my account from last week. Why?
how long will it take for my transfer to stop pending
What do I do if I can't access the app?
Why is my cash withdrawal pending?
Can i have the item refunded?
What are the countries you support.
In the App I see a payment that is not mine.
Why did they take more money out then I withdrawed?
Can I top up my card with other cards?
What kind of security protects my money?
Hello. I'm trying to transfer some money to a friend but it keeps getting rejected. can you help me?
How to a go about ordering a disposable virtual card?
My PIN seems to be blocked, help me access it?
I was checking my account when I saw a $500 cash withdraw that I know I didn't do.  I have my card so I don't understand how this happened.  Please help me.
How can I fill up my gas tank using a check?
I only have one more US credit card, is it accepted?
Can you help me with my card, I think it's broke.
I could not access my money at the ATM
How long do I have to wait for a US transfer?
Is there an extra charge to exchange different currencies?
Why was I charged for transferring money?
when will my transfer clear
Where do I access the auto top-up function?
Why can't my beneficiary access my account?
I think the currency exchange that's been applied is wrong.
Will you charge me more if I use a European bank card for a top up?
What can I do to make my physical card work?
I want to get a Visa and Mastercard, is it possible to get both from you?
There's an unauthorized direct debit in my app.
I want to use my American Express for adding money into my account.
Can you check the exchange rate on a cash transaction I did overseas
I must change my PIN as soon as possible.
What is wrong with my top-up?
Where to check top ups pending?
I was charged too many times for one transaction.
Are there specific ATM's that I can draw money from?
What is this extra fee while I was doing a transfer?
How much to exchange currencies?
I need info on activating my card?
I need to deposit my virtual card, how do i do that.
Are extra charges added for sending out additional cards?
I have a new phone number and need to edit my contact information.
Hello. How long does it usually take to transfer money to another country? I've made sure all the information is correct, but the transfer still says that it's "pending."
How can I top up my account and which currency can I use?
I would like to know if I can top up with Google Pay.
Please, I need your help as to whether or not you have money for a large refunded purchase I made. I requested it some time ago from the seller, but nothing is showing up.
how can i transfer money from american express card
I could not transfer to a beneficiary
Are you ripping people off with the exchange rate?  It can't be that atrocious between banks.
So, I see a strange fee that I've never seen before after making an online purchase from abroad. I was under the impression transfers could be made for free. I don't think this seems fair.
Where did this extra €1 fee on my statement come from?
There was an extra fee when I was at the ATM.  Why?
I just made a transfer from France 2 days ago. It has not yet reached my bank. Is it possible it takes longer because it was an international transfer?
Am I able to use Apple Pay?
i need to expedite my card
Are there any limits if I use these virtual cards?
What limits are the to top-ups?
I was charged a hidden fee when I paid with card.
I'm waiting for the ID verification to go through still, so is it too soon to use my account?
I am not happy with your company. Please delete my account asap.
There's a cash withdrawal I am certain I did not make
I would like to activate my card.
Is there a limit for top ups?
In what places can I use my card?
I tried and tried, but I could not complete my transfer. Tell me what is wrong.
When can I expect my new card to get here?
Why was my card payment reversed?
There is unusual activity on my account and I believe someone took my card.
Hello, my transfers are getting failed continuously, in spite of the fact that all the recipient details are correct. Please advise.
Why would the app revert my payment?
What countries do your accounts send and receive to?
Do you offer disposable virtual cards too?
I'm really upset because I made a typo during a transfer and now I've sent money to the wrong account.  I can't fix this with the app.  Please help me immediately!
How do I receive a disposable virtual card?
There is a strange card payment I don't recognise.
Seems like the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday was wrong. I was charged extra.
I can't seem to be able to use my card
I'm not happy with the services I'm getting with this company. Can you please delete my account?
What do I need to do to verify my funds?
I am unable to use my card.
You've incorrectly calculated the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal
I placed a cash deposit in my account but I can't see it yet.
Can I have a duplicate second card?
What's the time frame normally for a UK account transfer? I just made one and it's not showing up anywhere. I want to be sure that everything is good.
need my details changed
I was wondering if you will take any fees in exchange for top ups?
My money is all gone. What ways are okay to add money to my account?
My top up is giving me problems. What is wrong with it?
How do I verify my identity?
I need several disposable cards made per day.
Hi need your help for getting the refund or cancel the payment of an item, i have ordered but still have not received it.
I just transferred some money into my account and do not see it updated yet, can you assist?
Why was I charged more than I should have been?
It declined my transfer.
I need to find the top up verification code
Someone mugged my and stole everything.  I can't use the app.  What should I do?
It appears my top-ups have been canceled.
Is there a fee for making a payment? If so, let me know why.
I forgot the code I need to get into the app.
is there something blocking me from making transfers
Im not sure why Im being charged an extra fee just for purchasing an item from another country? I paid for the item and the shipping why am I getting charged extra?
What is the price for a physical card?
When are you going to activate my card?
If my card is about to expire how long would it take to receive a new one and how much would that cost me?
I can't get money out of the ATM. Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
Why is top up not working if I use my American express with my apple pay?
What documents do I need to get together to verify my identity?
I see a charge for a direct debit that was not me.
Can I order a card?
I didn't know there was a charge for tranferring. What is the charge?
Can I get money in my home currency at some ATM? I'm on holiday and am a bit concerned because I don't have any cash with me, it is possible to withdraw here already without any additional cost?
When will my card be delivered?
Cancel a transaction
I tried to top up but the app rejected it.
I think my card payment was reverted
You provide support in what countries?
I am interested in cancelling a purchase
I was under the impression I can make transfers for free. I made an online purchase for something that was obroad and there's some additional strange fee. I've never seen this before and this isn't fair.
I am trying to delete my account.
I have a charge I did not make.
What steps do I need to do to delete my account?
Is it possible to get a card when i'm not in the UK?
Hello, I didn't receive the right amount on my ATM transaction,  the app shows the correct amount how can we fix this
Why did my transfer not work?
Mastercard is preferred to me.
My account statements show a debit payment that I didn't make it's from some time ago I need to know if it is disputable.
My transfer has been declined.
Do you accept cheques for top ups?
I made a purchase this morning, and it is showing as pending.
I made a purchase a few weeks ago but wasn't happy with it so recently requested a refund from the supplier.  Can you check where the money is?
Which currencies do you work with?
My card stopped working. How do I check if there is a freeze on it?
Hello, I have a question concerning an unfamiliar fee that I notice on my account. I see that you guys charge for ATM withdrawal. Never notice this fee until now. Can you please explain?
I want to change the wrong exchange rate.
My refund has not shown up in my account.   Where is it?
Why has my money been returned back to my card.
I believe a wrong exchange rate was applied towards a cash transaction I made abroad.
I see money go out that I didn't withdraw.
Why cant I transfer to my account?
I could not get money from an ATM
What do I do if there is a direct debit on my account that shouldn't be there?
When will my transfer post to my account?
Some cash shows up on my app.
I'm interested in getting a virtual card.  How do I get one?
The cash withdrawal I took seems to be off. The exchange rate is wrong.
How come I was charged an extra fee when paying with the card?
I'd like to open an account for my children. How can I do that?
I think a card payment I made was cancelled.
I put the wrong pin too many times and now it is blocked. Can you help me unblock it?
I need to make a transfer but it keeps getting declined I need Help!
how much do I have to pay for exchange of currency?
Do you send more than one card?
I bought something while traveling, and the exchange rate was wrong.
What is the maximum transactions for one disposable card?
I think my card has been used by somebody else since I was never in the little town where some transactions on this bill have come from. Please stop this right away.
I have foreign currency i would like to change how much will it cost me?
Can I change my pin at a cash machine?
How do I use a check to top up?
I don't remember my login code
What is the source of the money in my account?
Why do I have two charges It should only be one charge?
Can you convert to EUR?
Tell me what ATMs take this card.
I am wanting to refill my card, is there a charge?
What happens if the ATM gives me the wrong amount of money?
Why was a payment I made reverted?
I need to find out where the card is that I ordered.
Help! I made a transfer in error and need to cancel it before it's complete!
Where Is the top up verification code found?
Why is there a pending hold on one pound on my statement?
Could I get a MasterCard and Visa from you?
Why would I receive an error that my transfer isn't possible when I've done it before?
This morning I wanted to make a withdrawal before work, but my card was declined! Please double check it for me as this is the first time it was declined.
Hi,  My money has not been credited to my account for which i have sent you cheque few days before. I am worried about the money please let me know the status.
I transferred money to another country several days ago, but my transaction is still pending. i have checked that the accounts are keyed in correctly. what sees to be the problem?
I need to order a new card as my other one was stolen.
I'm going to travel, can I have it add money automatically in certain intervals?
I cannot see the card PIN anywhere?
Do you offer services that hold money in different types of currency?
I sent money and the recipient has not received their money after two weeks.
my cash balance less than what I thought
I was charged several times for something
Why is there a fee for doing a transfer?
why do i have to verify top up?
Where's the money I transferred into my account?
Are there any hidden limit on the auto top-up?
Do you have an auto-top function and how do I use it if so?
I just got my new card and tried using it and it was declined?
where can I see who sent me funds
I sent some money to somebody a couple of hours ago, and they still have yet to receive it.  They really need the money, how much longer are they going to have to wait?
When will I get my money? It's been too long.
I would like to activate my card what do I need to do?
I got my American Express in Apple Pay, why is top up not working correctly?
how much does it cost to add money
Why are my purchases from this morning still pending?
I need to transfer some money, can I use my credit card?
I can't input my pin again.
I am sure I have plenty of money to transfer but my transfer is being declined.
Hello I am unable to exchange the crypto currency through the app, i am very keen to buy. Please let me know the issue.    interested buying crypto currency but i am unable to purchase it through the application,i do want to do the exchange, Could you please let me know what is the problem?
When I received my money, it was not in the correct amount. The exchange rate was not what it should have been.
I tried to withdraw some money from an ATM this morning but wasn't able to get the amount of cash I needed. The amount in the app says what I was trying to withdraw was deducted, but I don't have any money. What do I do about this?
my check or cash deposit has not shown up
Hi. I noticed I have a duplicate charge which I have not made twice. Who should I talk to take care of this?
Can I add money automatically to my account while traveling?
What is my money worth in other countries?
After transfering some money my balance hasn't changed.
How can I setup automatic top-up?
There's a duplicate charge on my account?
Can I use as many top-ups as I want?
Why is there an unknown card payment?
I'm not able to activate my card how do I fix this problem?
There should be a cash withdrawal that I haven't seen yet.
Can you please refund my item?
I just got refunded for my purchase over two weeks ago
Pending still shows on this transfer, why?
I think that the exchange rate for the withdrawal of my cash is not right.
How do I reactivate my card?
Can I change my card PIN?
A WD was just made on my account, but it was not me and I still have my card.  What to do?
Will I be charged for a top off transfer?
I have not been able to use this card.
Can I have a discount if I exchange currency often?
Seems like my top up has been cancelled
The transger I tried to make failed.
Can I have my money refunded for an item
My new card has not been delivered to my home yet. What is going on?
Why was a fee added to my bill when I used my card?
When can I expect a transfer from Europe to go through?
Which ATMs accept Mastercard?
Will you guys charge me for topping up by transfer?
when will the balance on my account change form a transfer
why do you verify the top up
I was charged twice for an in-store purchase that I thought was declined.  My App says that it's still pending for one of the payments. Please make sure one of the charges is removed.
Activate my card
My card payment is being declined and I've tried several times.
how to get card pin?
What should I do if the atm eats my card?
How do I get my card back after the ATM swallowed it.
What apps can I use to top up my account?
Hi, It's urgent, please freeze my card. As someone has withdrawn money using my card in odd remote town. Since i have not done this withdrawal. Do it fast.
I didn't think my country-to-country money transfer would take so long. It still says that it's pending so I re-checked all of the account information--everything seems right, so what's the deal?
Why was there a fee with my cash withdrawal?
I went to the store and tried to make a purchase.  The first time, it was declined, but the second one went through.  But my App shows me that I've already been charged once and the second charge is still pending.  Can you make sure that I'm not charged twice?
Am I able to order a disposable virtual card?
How long will it be  before the person I sent money to is able to see it?
How long do bank transfers take to clear
I'm pretty sure my top up is still pending.
How can I tell if there will be a fee added to my payment or not?
Can I pick between Visa and Mastercard?
I got declined when attempting a transfer
what can I do if I got my American Express in Apple Bay but top up is not working?
Transferred to account is not successful, help please?
Can you tell me when my card will arrive?
I was charged for a cash withdrawal, why?
Why has my top-up been reverted?
How do I use American express to top up my account?
What is preventing me from adding a specific beneficiary?
I've made a horrible mistake!  I transferred money to the wrong account by accident!  I entered one of the digits wrong.  I need this cancelled immediately please.
The exchange rate for my withdrawal was wrong.
Why was I charged a fee when making this transfer when I shouldn't have been?
I am seeing in the App a diret debit that its not mine
Online banking is not showing my cheque or cash deposit so the balance is incorrect.
Is there a way to verify a card top-up?
The recipient doesn't see the money transaction I made
How can I go about ordering a virtual card?
How much is a physical card?
I made a deposit in the ATM and it has not cleared
Is there any age limit?
Is it possible to track the card you sent me?
Can I hold more than one currency?
How old does my daughter need to be to have her own account?
Will I be charged if I add more cards to the account?
There's an unauthorized cash withdraw
The app failed to verify me.
Why are you keeping my money from me by declining my card? What is going on?
Why do I see an extra fee on my statement?

Do I need to go to a physical bank to change my PIN?
I would like it if I could get an item refunded
i asked for 100 only got 80
How can I find out why my transfer didn't go through?
Can you unblock my pin because I put the wrong one too many times.
My transfer failed, why did that happen?
Is my card accepted anywhere?
Can I electronically transfer funds into my account from my American Express?
what is the price of a transfer?
Can you tell me why my card payment did not work?
I changed the currency, but why is it costing more?
I think the top up failed
What currency can I use to add money?
Could you please tell me how to activate my new card?
I've made a transfer from France two days ago but I was wondering if international transfers take longer to arrive because it hasn't made it yet.
I found the exchange rate for my cash withdrawal is wrong
I put in a payment a while ago and it has still not cleared and is showing up as "pending", how long does it take to clear?
Can you please tell me why my transfer failed?
A transaction to a friend still hasn't shown up.
How can I prove who I am?
I anticipate getting a Visa card
I'm still waiting for my card that was issued a week ago. What should I do?
My card will expire next month, will I need to order a new one?
Someone besides me might be using my card.
I reside in the US, but I want a card.
How do I report fraud on my card?
I don't know what this Direct Debit payment is.
I must make several disposable cards every day.
I want to start using my card.
I made a payment and it is showing up twice
How do i access the auto top-up option?
The ATM cancelled a transaction on me when I was trying to get some cash out.
Why is my top-up showing as cancelled?
Is there a top up fee for transfer?
How much am I allowed to top-up?
Am I allowed to hold money in multiple currencies?
I went to do a transfer and it was declined.
What is the charge for using a Top up card in the US?
What's the transfer time from Europe?
How can I get a card sent to China?
I did not charge my account for that transaction.  That's an error.
I no longer need AUD, I need GBP instead, how can I make this happen?
I need to reset my passcode, this one isn't working
What do I have to do to cancel a transfer?
What is the fee if I use a European bank for a top up?
Why hasn't the transaction I did to my friend arrived yet?
I can't remember my password.
What are these disposable virtual cards all about?
What are the charges if I exchange foreign currency?
Isn't my top-up supposed to mean its complete?
In what way can I use the disposable cards?
Do you need to know my first and last name?
How can I exchange currencies with this app?
Tell me about verifying top-up
Hey a seller just contacted me that my money didn't come through. It was definitely deducted from my account, but now it appears it's back with me! Sort this out asap please.
I recently transferred money to my account when will it show up?
Hello I changed my mind and really need a refund on something I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. Please it's urgent.
My transfer to another account was not allowed. Why is that?
What is an exchange rate?
Why didn't I receive the right amount of cash at the ATM?
Can you tell me if there are limits to disposable virtual cards?
Why did I get charged a fee, I thought it was free?
There is a payment with my card which i definitely did not make by me .Never seen that it before.
I'm looking for a machine of yours that will provide me cash from my home country. I went on holiday and don't have any cash on me. Will your machine charge me extra to do this?
How can I get my card out of the ATM?
Do you charge extra for duplicate cards?
I just saw a charge for a cash withdrawal that I made! ATM withdrawals have always been free in the past, so why is there suddenly a charge? What is it going to cost me now?
I just got my card and cannot get it to work.
Can I set my own top-up limit?
How do I get another card
My card payment says pending and it hasn't changed
if im not using my account should i close it or just let it sit
Is there a fee for paying by card?
My balance doesn't show my deposit.
What is the verification process for my card?
I want to know which currencies and cards are supported, can you provide a list?
I made a cash withdrawal and was charged a fee incorrectly can you help with this?
My salary is in GBP - what should I do?
My refund has not yet been credited on my statement
Hi, Please help me to request cash back. As i have been withdrawn money from ATM, but i got wrong amount. in Application its showing the amount i have been charged through.
I don't think my top up worked
how to get a new card in china
There are a few transaction that I don't recognize, I think someone managed to get my card details and use it.

What should I do?  My card has been stolen!
What is the time for a transfer?
how do I get my card to show in the app?
I've been waiting a while for my card, is there a way to know when it will arrive?
I have heard about these disposable virtual cards but don't understand how they work.
Do I have to change my PIN at a bank?
Please help me find my top-up verification code
I need to verify my identity. How do I do that?
The app says I made a cash withdrawal even though I didn't.
I need my card immediately.
I transferred some money but the balance stayed the same.
Hello, Please look into this matter urgently. As i have lost my wallet and i can see one withdrawal, now i do not want to loose more money.
Can I use my new card?
How come there is a duplicate charge on my card?
is there a fee for swift transfer
What is needed for my daughter to open an account?
It seems I need to get information on limits for top-ups.
There are automatic debits on my account that I did not make.
Will you accept my salary if it's in another currency?
How do I use my card to top up?
Where do I go to change my PIN?
I don't think I should have been charged a fee to use my card.
I am confused why there is cash I did not accept in my account
Why did I get charged more for using my card?
Why am I not seeing the check I deposited this morning in my account?
I think I was charged a different exchange rate than what was posted at the time.
can the delivery be specific to my needs?
Where is the money I put in the bank?
How come I can't find my payment?
I can't seem to make a standard bank transfer. I have tried at least five times already but none of them are going through. Please tell me what is wrong?
Why is there an identify check?
I want to open an account for my children
Help me.  The passcode doesn't work.
I am planning activating my card was it possible?
I would like to exchange currencies, how do I go upon it?
How long will it take to transfer from europe?
can i use check to top up
Can I use my apple watch to top-up?
How do I find the PIN?
What are your exchange rates calculated from?
I need to get some Euros for my holiday. Am I able to exchange some of my money?
I just had a look at my statement. Why have I been changed for using the ATM?
I have tried 5 times at this point to complete a transfer that's simply standard. What appears to be the problem? Is your system messed up?
I want to know how to transfer money with my credit card
Is there any way to cancel my transfer
My card expires soon
Is there any limits I should know about if I'm going to use a disposable virtual card?
I need to cancel a transaction.
A transfer has to be cancelled.
I made a purchase earlier today but it is still listed as pending- when will it go through?
Can you explain more about why should I verify my identity?
I made a purchase but never expected to see a fee charged for the transaction.
My client was converting their Russian ruble into UK pound currency when they noticed their bill was much too high for the exchange. What happened?
How do I add an existing card to the app?
I can't find the card PIN.
Why was my top up cancelled?
Why is there a charge for my transfer?
So, I am in the middle of purchasing a flat. I need the money for the first mortgage payment and it is not going through. I keep receiving an error. Can you find out what's going on and help me complete this transfer?
Will a cheque suffice?
I have not received the completed transaction.
I didn't make this payment and it's on my app
Not sure what my password is.
Do you charge extra for topping up with a debit or credit card?
How can I get a Visa and Mastercard?
How many disposable cards per person?
I sent money to someone but they haven't gotten it yet
Currently I can't get my card to work.
I would like to know which fiat currencies are recognized by your organization.
How do I switch to a different currency?
My top up is still pending
I have a card payment I didn't make
Why is there a verification to identity
Why hasn't my friend received the transaction?
Am I able to change my PIN at certain cash machines?
There's a cash withdrawal on my account that I didn't make
I would like a Visa card.
I don't know the code for the app.
Why did the person I transferred money to not receive the correct amount? What should I do to get them the right amount, do I have to transfer more money to them?
There is a cash withdrawal in my account that isn't mine.
Estimated time arrival for transfers?
How can I cancel this transaction?
Why is my payment in pending status?
Please verify my top-up card
In the app, how can I make it show the new card that arrived?
I was charged a fee for the transfer, but can you tell me why?
Can I top up using cash?
The wrong exchange rate was used when I purchased an item.
I've made a card payment a couple of days ago now but it looks like the money is stuck. How long does it typically take for the payment to go through?
Can I choose between Mastercard and Visa?
For what reason did my top-up fail?
What are my options for topping up, automatic and/or manual?
What is the exchange rate for EUR?
What do I do if I can't prove my identity?
I didn't see any reason why my transfer was declined. What gives?
The card payment didn't work
I tried to top up with my card but it's not working. I had just done this a couple days previously and it worked. Can you tell me what's going on here please?
My virtual card is just not going through.
I dont have identification
I need to deposit money to my account
Why can't I transfer money to a beneficiary
I was charged for getting cash.
Is my child too young to sign up?
On my disposable card, is there a transaction limit?
Why was my card declined?
I answered so many questions about my identity. Why do you need this info?
Do you send duplicate cards?
If my PIN number is rejected, how do I solve it?
Are cards available to those outside of the UK?
Is my credit card supported for top-ups?
I do not see the money I transferred into this account
I really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please resolve this problem or try an alternative
Do I get charged for withdrawals?
Can I set it up to add money every few days automatically while I am traveling?
The money has not yet been placed in recipients account.
Can I order a new card with the app?
Is there a charge for exchanging foreign currency?
I don't understand what a disposable virtual card is, can you help?
The past few times I've been to the ATM, I was charged a withdrawal fee. Have your policies changed regarding fees?
Am I able to track the card that was just sent to me?
I can't get the top-up to work! What's going on here.
How can you transfer my salary to my correct currency?
I have a cash withdrawal that I do not recognise.
Can you walk me through how I can edit some of my personal information?
Is it possible to change from AUD to GBP?
My transfer didn't work! Help!
Help me!  When I was abroad, the exchange rate was wrong.
Can I use the card at any cash machine?
Where do I go to update details?
Can I transfer using SWIFT?
Hi, I tried topping up for the first time today (I'm a new customer), and the transaction has shown as pending for the last half an hour. Can you fix it?
I would like to change my personal details.
I have lost my phone, what steps can I take to prevent someone using my account?
I forgot my PIN and now it is blocked.
Where are cards available to order?
My transfer into my account isn't showing up.
Explain why my top up has been reverted please.
I'm using the app and I noticed a payment that I didn't make.
What's the limit for disposable virtual cards?
my payment was rejected, do you know why?
The ATM stole my card!
Is it possible for a friend to personally send me a payment?

Which cash machines will allow me to change my PIN?
My top-up didn't go through
I did a card payment but its status is still coming as pending. Please check and inform when it would complete.
Could I open an account for children?
My card was declined and I did not receive money from the ATM earlier, yet it show on my account that it is pending.
How much longer is it going to take to get my new card?
Help!  I think my phone may be stolen or lost!
I have multiple of the same transaction
What currences are available for exchange?
I prefer to get a Mastercard.
I would like to retract my purchase.
do you accept from usa credit card?
Is there a charge for exchanging foreign currencies?
Which merchants accept this card?
I should have a refund in my statement but I can't see it
I used my card to make a payment a while ago and its still pending, Why is it taking so long?
What are the steps to activate the card, as it does not seem to work?
What can I do if I lost my card?
I need to order a new card, can you please direct me to the virtual cards?
How can I receive a virtual card?
The transfer to my beneficiary has not gone through
What locations allow me to withdraw money?
Explain why my top up would be reverted.
How much does it cost to us US cards?
Hi, Today i have tried to make payment by my new card, but payment got declined many times. I am very disappointed, please look into this.
How long is US delivery?
What's the deal? Money has just disappeared out of my account. I thought you offered crypto top up and it doesn't seem to working.
my card was refused, why?
My American express works with my apple pay, why is top up not working?
It looks like my top up didn't work.  Why?
Are the funds I requested from a merchant a few days ago in my account? I do not see them.
Are purchases returnable for full refund?
How long will it take for the money to reach my account?
I just saw some charges on my card from the past days that I dont recognize, I need to freeze the card asap! Will I be able to get my money back?
Can you tell me the countries you operate in?
I don't know my PIN, how can I find that out?
my pin hasn't arrived in the post! How do I cancel it or get a new one?
Is there a charge for top-ups?
Can you let me know why my cash withdrawal is still pending?
Can I open up an account for my child?
Am I the only one who can top-up my account?
I entered a typo when I was transferring money and now I've sent it to an incorrect account.  This is so bad!  I need it cancelled now.
I was just going over my transactions for the past couple of months and noticed a large type charge that I know I did not make. Even though it's been a while can I please still dispute this?
can i order cards on the app
Please help me in this, as i was unable to make any payment by my new card,  it was getting declined repeatedly. I am not very happy with this incident.
I can get my identification verified.
I am trying to transfer money and something is going wrong.
I would like to make a purchase, however my card has been declined. I would like to ask the reason for this. The past two weeks, the card has been working fine.
I made a transfer and the receiver said an amount was received, but not exactly the same as the right amount. I now have to transfer more to get the remainder to the receiver. Can you alert me about this. What's been happening?
I don't see a code anywhere on my top-up card? Where can I find it? I need to verify!
Which establishments will accept my card?
i withdraw cash from the ATM and was charged a fee
Can I increase my top-up maximum?
I noticed an extra fee when I paid with my card.
how long are my top ups pending
Why do you have the identity check
I already made a transfer and want to cancel it, how do I do that?
Can I top-up automatically?
I just received a new card, where do I go to link it to my account?
Is there a way yo change my PIN?
Hello I have a UK account.  Can you please check if everything is alright with it?  I made a transfer a couple hours ago but it doesn't show up yet.
The ATM didn't give me the amount I asked for
Am I limited on the amount of disposable cards I can possess?
There was a charge made on my card from a couple weeks ago and I don't remember making the purchase. Nor do I remember the company itself. Can we trace this at all to confirm if I did it or not?
My card doesn't seem to work.
I think there has been a mistake on my exchange rate for this purchase.
Is there a limit on disposable cards?
I made a mistake of transferring, can I cancel my previous transfer?
How long do top-ups take to go through
Why can't I get cash from the ATM?
I would like for someone to tell me which fiat currencies that your company supports.
I really wanted to buy something online but seems the card is not working as the payment suddenly came back! What's going on here, I've been trying for a good week or two.
I want to get a virtual card!
There is a fee from a transfer that is not supposed to be here!
Can you tell me how to tell where my funds come from?
I think when I withdrew money when out of country the exchange rate was wrong.
I did not do this payment
I already paid to top-up but the funds aren't available yet, where are they?
Earlier today I took money out the ATM. After checking the app the amount is so much higher than the amount I received.
Why would you decline my card?
When will it get delivered?
Can you help me transfer funds from another bank account to this account?
Why was I charged a fee for my card payment?
I was unable to transfer money from my account.
I purchased something overseas and the incorrect exchange rate was applied.
There is an unexplained $1 charge on my statement, can you please explain this to me?
I made a transfer to my friend earlier and she hasn't received it yet.  What's the hold up?
What are all the fiat currencies that are supported for both exchange and holding?
How are top-ups verified?
I got charged twice
A refund is taking too long.
The amount of cash I received did not match the amount I requested
My money hasn't been transferred yet.
i do not know what this charge is for
I have not received my pin yet
Is my card lost? I am still waiting for it to be delivered.
I would like to cancel my order.
Where can I find out the fee structure for my account? I have been charged fees for some transactions, but not for other ones. I can't find a pattern in these fees.
How do I verify my top up?
I need help right now. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number after making a typo. Please cancel the transfer now since I can't do it from the app.
I swear that there are 2 payments on the app that I didn't make.  Could my card me stolen?  Please advise what I should do.
I got notified that my top up has been reverted. Why?
Where do I go to see the source of my available money?
Hi! A seller that I requested a refund from a long time ago has yet to send the money into my account, even though I keep checking it. Can the seller be contacted by you guys to see what's going on?
Why are you charging fees on cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after buying groceries. There's a fee that wasn't there before.
I attemped a transfer and it didn't go through.
Why was the price higher when I paid with my card?
Where do I scan my card?
Is it possible for me to track the card is was mailed to me?
I did a cash deposit to my account but my balance is still the same. What happened?
I cannot get to my app, what should I do?
There is a direct debit payment on my account that I didn't authorize.
The exchange rate for my payment last Saturday must be wrong because I was charged extra.
An extra pound was charged!
I got a new card and can't find where to link it.
Where can I locate my card PIN?
Where can I withdraw money from?
Why have you declined my card payment?
I no longer want this account, what should I do?
There were a couple of payments that I have noticed on my account with my card that I didn't make. Is it possible that somebody else has my card information?
Can I use this app to exchange currencies?
My phone was left at a hotel and I can't access the app.
I think my transfer failed. What do I do now?
Can I top up for free using a European card?
Why are the things I bought earlier today still showing as pending?
My thoughts were that you offered crypto top up which does not seem to be working. The money has now been taken from my account. What is the problem here?
Where's my virtual card
Do I have to pick a creditcard brand?
I asked for a refund but its not here yet
My passcode was denied.
I just noticed my transfer was declined and I don't know why. Can you help me?
What do I do now my credit card has been swallowed by the ATM?
I received my new card and tried using it today, just to have it show declined over and over again.  Why is this happening?
i have tried everything to complete a transfer but can't, what should i do next
Can I still use my account without verifying my identity?
A transfer is pending.
I think I forgot my passcode
What do I do if there is an electronic debit that is not correct?
Would you give me a mastercard and visa?
Do you charge a fee for adding money in USD?
What is the fee for a foreign currency exchange?
Are all fiat currencies supported?
How do I discontinue my account?
My card payment was cancelled.  Why?
What currencies do you accept for adding money?
What type of card can I use to top up?
Can I add other people to my account, so they can top up?
I think the payment from my card was revereted
Why is my transaction taking so long to complete?
My top up card needs verification and I don't know how to do it
My currencies needed to be exchanged often and I was wondering if there were any discounts available for this?
Can I receive payments in another currency?
How's the exchange rate?
Hey I want to get a refund on something I bought, but not sure how to go about it. Can you please just cancel the payment, I have not received the item yet.
Why did my money disappear when I topped up??
I have to quickly transfer something to China. How long will it take to arrive there?
I think my wallet fell out on the Tube today! I realized as soon as I got to my desk. How do I cut off the card?
Are you Visa or Mastercard?
I need a Visa card
Are you going to charge me to collect the money?
Why would the ATM machine fail to give me the cash withdrawal I requested?
Please tell me how the exchange rate is determined. I was expecting more money for the transaction.
I have moved to a new house and set up a rent payment to my landlord, it was supposed to be in her account a few days ago but it hasn't arrived.  I definitely sent it to the right place, can you confirm where the money is?
what is my monthly spending limit because i was refused my money at an atm
I locked myself out of my account, how do I unblock my PIN?
Why won't my card work.
Why hasn't payment gone through yet?
How can I get a refund for an item I purchased but has not yet arrived?
I want to cancel my card. I think someone else is using it.
Why is there a direct debit payment on my statement that I didn't do?
Why is  my  top  up for  my  new account  not  instant
Where am I able to get my PIN unblocked?
I tried to make a top-up and it was canceled, why is that?
My account says I have a pending transfer.
Can I top up online?
In which countries can I get a card?
How long does it take to get my money
If I exchange currencies on a regular basis, is there a discount?
Can you change the rate for the item I bought in a different currency as it is wrong?
help, I see money missing I didn't take out.
What would the age limit be?
My card payment's cancelled
I checked on google and the exchange rate you are using is really bad. Can you update it?
Do you charge a fee on currency exchange?
My beneficiary is unable to transact
What cards do you support
Your system is broken. My transfers keep failing, 5 times now.
I was charged twice, when I didn't purchase anything twice.
I made a cash deposit a few days ago and it's still not reflected in my account. Do you know what might have happened?
Can exchanged be made to EUR?
Something is wrong with my top up and I can't see it. How do I find it?
Do you work in Greece?
Which ATMs accept this bill of fare ?
can i add funds  with a card from the united states
Give me my card, I need it now!
Is there any way I could open an account for my daughter?
Someone has taken my phone from my hotel room!
On my last trip, I received the incorrect exchange rate.
Could you please put a freeze on my card?  There are some payments on it that I don't know where they came from.
Why do we need to verify top-ups?
I just got a new card how do I get it to start working?
Can you check about unauthorized use of my card, I think someone is using mine without my knowledge?
I tried to withdraw $100, all it gave me was $20.
Why is your exchange rate different on different days?
I want to return an item for a refund can I do that?
i have been trying to add money with apple pay but it wont work, why?
How long is a top up supposed to be pending, because an hour is too long! Can you fix this to go through?
One of my transactions needs to be canceled.
How do I get a card if I live in the US?
How long will it take to verify my account?
How do I top up with a cheque?
When will my money be in my account?
Why hasn't my transaction been completed?
why hasn't my virtual card arrived?
Is there something that I can do since my phone was stolen yesterday?
A few hours ago I made a bank transfer from my UK account but I don't see that it has arrived.   Can you check and see if all is ok please?
want a new card what are the fees
I thought I was going to receive more currency?
Is there a limit to using a disposable virtual card?
I am having trouble verifying my id.
My card hasn't shown up yet.
Why was I charged a higher exchange rate when I bought something abroad?
My statement has a payment that I do not recall making
What do I do if my phone was stolen?
I need to reset my passcode. Where do I go to do that?
Can you tell me if I can hold money in several currencies?
Today I was out eating and my card was declined. Why's that?
There are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that I really didn't make myself. Why is it happened?
Can you explain why I am now getting charged a fee for using my card?
Why was I charged a fee for debit or credit card payment?
About two days ago now, I made a transfer from France but it hasn't arrived yet. Is it possible that the international transfer just takes longer?
Why didn't I get the amount I requested at the ATM?
how do I ask for a physical card?
What time will a transfer from the US take?
will you be able to activate my card
I want to request a physical card
Can I only top-up digitally? Or could I use cash?
My PIN is locked, how do I unlock it?
My phone was taken yesterday, is there something that I need to do?
Whats the reason for my payment being declined? It looked like everything went through ok and my account was good.
I don't see any change in my balance.
I took out money from the ATM and it's still showing as pending?
Is there anywhere I can't use my card?
Is the PIN separately delivered?
It is common for an international transfer to take 2 days or longer? I made a transfer from France 2 days ago and I have not seen it yet.
Is it okay to hold money in multiple currencies?
My refund is not showing up in my account. Where is it?
How can I set a new pin.
I seem to have lost my card.
I deposited cash this morning, but it's not showing up in my account. Can you tell me where's my money?
I payed my rent to my landlord a few days ago and he is saying the it never went though. Everything looks good to me and I even double checked the account number. I don't know what could be causing the confusion. Can you help me please?
I found my card in my jacket this morning, so can I reactivate it?
I need my card to be delivered fast
Please explain to me how to know where my funds are from.
I topped-up my account, but I don't think it went through.
I recently transferred some cash, but the balance has not changed.
I only got some of the cash I requested from the ATM
There are fraudulent charges that I didn't make on my card. Can you please put in the safeguards necessary to stop this from happening anymore?
Three months ago I bought a new house for my cat, fluffy.  Unfortunately Fluffy was not a fan of the house and it had to be returned to Pet Smart last week.  They said they have sent a refund but it's not there, can you tell me where it is?
I ordered my card but it still isn't here
I want to deactivate my account.
How long does it take for a transfer to show up in my account?
Where in the app do I go to make my new card show up?
I am having to wait for my transfer to be fully processed. It seems to be taking a very long time in the pending phase. What is the normal turn around time that I can expect to see it completed?
Should I keep waiting for my card to be delivered?
Can i make several disposable cardsper day?
How can I tell if my top-up has been cancelled?
My balance didn't change after I transferred some money.
where can I find the auto-top up option?
Do all businesses take this card?
Why do I have a strange payment on my statement?
What proof of identification is needed?
Card payment still pending.
Your exchange rates come from where?
I recently purchased something, and the exchange rate was wrong.
How is my money transferred to the account
How long does it take for transfers to be approved?  I sent funds to my girlfriend, and she says that she has not seen any approved funds in her account.
I tried to get funds in hard cash but it was rejected!
I received less cash than the amount I specified in the ATM.
Explain to me how to verify the top-up card.
I did a transaction to a wrong account!
I purchased this item and would like a refund
There is a direct debit charge that I don't recognize, what can I do?
I am traveling, what can I do to set up auto top-up?
Why do you keep declining my payment?I tried several times with this card and it is just not working.
Please help me figure out the reason for the odd withdrawal amount from my account?
Is it possible to order a virtual card?
I made a transfer and the receiver said an amount was received, but less than the right amount. I now have to transfer more to get the remainder to the receiver. Can you tell me about this. What's been going on?
What is the reason I got rejected for using my disposable virtual card to pay a subscription to the gym?
Do you deal with EUR?
I think my card payment was cancelled. What happened?
I tried pulling out money at the ATM and it gave me an incorrect amount back.
How many cards can I have?
I need to activate my card.
Why is there a payment showing twice?
Tell me how to delete my account.
Is there a reason there's an extra fee on my statement?
I have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number is the right one, I've checked that several times already.
How can I verify if a cash withdrawal was made from my account? I still have my card with me but I did not authorize the withdrawal that just occurred.
I need an ATM right now!
How do I unblock my card?
When I was transferring money I was charged extra why?
How long will my payment be pending?
How can I revert a transaction from this morning?
I am unable to use my top-up on the app. Could you explain this to me?
Hello. How do i go about getting a refund of an item i bought ? I want to cancel the payment since i have not received the item yet.
I attempted to top-up with my card this morning, but the transaction was unsuccessful. I received the card two days ago and was successful using it previously. Could you please help me?
Are there any charges for receiving money?
Can I use my card for online payments?
I'd like my account to be deleted. I'm not satisfied with the service you provide.
It says "pending payment?" Why is it saying this?
What do I do if a transaction shows up twice?
Can I have money in more than one currency in my account?
Can I auto top up multiple times?
What is the reason why the transfer shows as pending?
I just found out from the seller that my money didn't go through. I checked my account and it was deducted at first but now it's back in my account. Can you  please fix this for me quickly?
How to I switch my money for the money used in another country?
My app shows a payment I didn't make
How long will an urgent transfer from China take?
I was declined a transfer
how much is the fee for topping by card
I was under the impression ATM cash withdrawals were free. Why was I suddenly charged for my most recent ATM transaction?
A payment in my account was made by someone I don't know
Can I track my card while it is in the process of delivery?
A transaction posted twice to my account.
How do you calculate exchange rates?
Is there something wrong with my card payment? It's been pending a really, really long time.
I cant find my card.
I didn't do a payment and I have it now.
What do I do if I think someone has used my card without permission? I can see a few transactions I don't recognize.
Are there directions to get a new passcode if I forgot mine?
Where are the ATMs that I can use Mastercard?
My purchase from this morning still is pending.
Where do i go to receive a virtual card
Do you charge for cash withdrawals?  I want to get my hands on my own money and you appear to be charging me for the pleasure! Why is this, you'd never get this with my high street bank!
I am still waiting for a the cash I deposited this morning
Which currencies do you accept for adding money?
How old do my kids need to be to use your service?
What should I do if my phone is lost or stolen?
What should I do when my card reaches its expiry date?
How do I get refills to my card when I'm traveling?
Is there a fee to make a transfer?
Can I get a card in the US?
Can I verify my identity?
Which ATMs accept this circuit board ?
I believe my top up is still pending
The payment on my card shows as pending.
Will there be a charge for exchanging foreign currency?
I have been trying to exchange this for crypto but the app won't work could you please help me?
How long does a transfer from a UK account take? I just made one and it doesn't seem to be working, wondering if everything is okay
I've tried using my contactless in several locations today and it's not working anywhere. It seemed fine before. How do I get it to work again?
With one disposable card how many transactions can i do?
What are the steps to change my PIN to something else?
The exchange rate looks wrong on a holiday purchase
What's wrong with my card? The clerk at the grocery store said it was declined.
Are bank transfers immediate?
I live in the UK. Can I get a card?
I couldn't make a transfer
I think my top up has been reverted
I was wondering if international transfers take longer than normal because I made a transfer from France a couple of days ago and nothing has happened yet?
I don't think the transaction has gone through, so can I cancel a transfer?
Why do you need me to verify who I am?
Why would my payment still show as pending?
Please check my Card. As Withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning suddenly got declined. Can you please check the problem?
Where is the transfer that I did?
Why did you charge me extra for withdrawing money?
How do you exchange currencies
What are the steps for my friend to send me money?
I stupidly initiated a rent payment from the wrong account yesterday. It can't be paid from that account, but it really needs to get paid on time. Am I able to move the payment to the right account?
I had to pay a fee when buying items with my card.
ATM withdrawal not working.
Hold old do my kids have to be to use the service?
Is there such thing as top up by cheque?
How long is the wait for my card?
Is there any way i get a disposable virtual card as well?
When will my transfer move out of pending stage?
How do I get a refund for an item I bought?
I need to add money to my account. Can I do so via bank transfer?
I transferred money and it hasn't come yet
How to unblock my PIN?
I would like to know what exchange rates you use?
Hello, there seems to be a billing mistake associated with my account.  My app was charged $1 more than it should have.  Could you please explain why this may have happened?
can i transfer money i the app
I desperately need to top-up my card, so why is it being declined? Can you solve this for me? I need to use my card immediately!
I received incorrect amount of cash from an ATM today. It was more than I wanted. What do I do now?
How can I find a way to transfer money without it being rejected?
Can I get information on the identity checks?
I am having some difficulty verifying my id.
Show me how to verify my identity?
How can I stop someone from using my card after I lost it yesterday.
how do i see what i transferred
My PIN isn't working.
There is a debit paymet that I don't recognize.
I found my card! Can I link it back into the app?
Who do I talk to about the ATM swallowing my card?
I accidentally put in the wrong pin too many times and now I need to unblock it. Can you assist with this?
i need a virtual card
I'm trying to activate the auto-top up function. Where is it?
There is a direct debit that I didn't set up, what should I do?
Why was I not able to complete my transfer?
Please can i get a disposable virtual card as well?
Which foreign currencies can I get transferred into my account?
I think that there is a payment on my card that I did not authorize.  I don't recognize the name attached to the transaction.
I did a money transfer to my account and it is not showing there.
What if my top up is reverted?
Is an auto top-up option available?
My beneficiary is not allowed?  Why?
I'm not sure why my card didn't work
How simple is it to transfer money into my account?
Looks like my card payment was made twice by mistake. I paid at the store earlier which rejected once, second time it worked. App stays at pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
I tried to buy something and it was declined and my transfers keep getting declined, Why?
Make me understand why I am charged an extra fee when I use the ATM.
I need a new login code
how come i was declined
How long does it take for a new card to ship?
I am still currently waiting for the cash that has been deposited into the account this morning.
I want to change my pin number from an ATM. Is this possible?
I was charged multiple times for one transaction.
I would like to track a card sent to me, how do I do that?
Why hasn't my transaction arrived?
Can I get a new card with new expiration date in China?
Hello,  I noticed the money for an item I purchased online and have already received has been returned to my checking account. Was there an issue with the merchant accepting my payment? Or, possibly, with the bank sending it?
Show me where I can see the PIN?
Why cant I send money to a beneficiary?
How much does it cost to top up a US-issued card?
How do I return something for a full refund?
How can I prove I am me?
My billing address changed and I need to update my information.
My cash withdrawal isnt showing on my account
How do I access the virtual card?
I had an unexpected fee
My card expires next week. How do I get a new one?
I haven't received my card.
A transfer to my account shows as still pending and I wanted to know how long it is suppose to take to clear.
I have made a withdraw from an ATM this last holiday, why is there such a high charge from this transaction?
i put money on my card and i dont see it on the balance
I would like to give another card to my daughter, how can I proceed?
Account topping up bank transfers to my account assistance please?
I deposited a cheque but I don't see the funds in my account.
I would like to know what your exchange rates are.
looking back on my transactions from a couple of months ago I have noticed a charge that is fairly large that I'm certain was not completed by me. I know it has been a while but can I please dispute this charge?
how do I find the code to verify the top up card?
Where are the ATMs that accept this card?
Why isn't my deposit showing up?
Do you also have this extra fee on your statement?
Why is there a €1 charge on my statement?
When will my transfer come through?
When I topped up the app has seemed to reverted it.
I am having problems with my physical card.
Is there a way I can have a mastercard?
Is there a reason why a recipient might not see my money transaction
DO I have to be 18 to open an account?
My account was charged a fee. When did you start charging extra for card payments?
When will the transaction be done?
How long will this transfer from europe take?
I know there's an auto-top option but I can not locate it when I look?
I topped up and now my money is not there anymore! What happened to it?
I would like to know where the funds are at.
My money is nowhere to be found? I talked up earlier and seen it. Now it has vanished. What is going on?
I have a card that expires in the coming month, do I have to specifically ask for the updated card?
Will my money be of equal value when I travel abroad?
I have lost my credit card in the ATM!
Just today there was a purchase on my card that wasn't done by me. Can this be reversed and my card be frozen? I can't have this continue!
I need to add my new address now that I've moved.
Hello. I checked my transactions and saw I was double charged for a restaurant visit. Can I get my money back?
This stupid system is not letting me prove my identity.
I want a refund on the things i bought
I need a single use card for shopping online
Help me figure out why my transfer was declined
I have an unauthorized direct debit on my account
Why would a transfer to a beneficiary not go through?
I was charged an extra pound for no reason. Why is that?
What to do if my physical card is not working?
My account balance has not updated since I deposited a cheque recently.
Please help me with my card payments which keeps getting reverted whenever i do online shopping. I am having this problem since last two weeks.
How do I use my card if I lost my phone?
What's go on, where is my new card?
I have a payment that hasn't went through yet.
Why was there an extra charge with the withdrawal of my money?
Why do i have an extra fee on my statement?
I'm really concerned because I only made one transaction, but it's appearing multiple times.
I didn't receive the correct exchange rate when I got cash.
How can I receive money from someone?
The card payment is declined.  Please inform me why.
I tried again to top up my card after doing it a couple days ago when it had worked. Now, it doesn't seem to be working. Can you tell me what the deal is here please?
Do I have to use a bank approved ATM to withdraw money?
how to change name on account
I am yet to receive my pin.
Why has my top-up not worked?
I don't understand why I was charged an additional fee for this service. Can you clarify?
Can both Visa and Mastercard be chosen?
My payment for my card is not working
How will I know when I get my refund?
what is the most money i can top up?
Do I need to do anything special for my friend to send money to my account?
Why am I getting declines when trying to make a purchase online?
There is a charge for 1£ on my statement.  I do not think that I bought anything that costed 1£.  What is going on?
Am I going to see a charge for a SEPA transfer?
What ATMs will allow me to change my PIN?
What would cause a transfer failure?
What do I do when I get close to the expiration date of my card?
Why do you need so much information about me
How long will my top-up be pending?
Does this app allow currencies to be exchanged?
Is there a limit to a disposable virtual card?
How come when I tried to pay contactless at the bus it didnt work?
Why am I seeing a direct debit thats not mine?
Soon my card will expire, how do I get a new one?
Ive been trying to use my card for two weeks now to purchase somethings online but nothing is going through. It keeps returning my payment to my account. There shouldn't be anything wrong with my account, is it the card?
I think my card is lost.  What do I do?
Could you explain why my card payment did not work?
Why is there a fee for cash withdrawal?
I need some help, I thought you guys accepted crypto top ups?? It won't seem to let me do it. I put money in my account and now it's gone and I didn't spend it. Where did it go??
The ATM wouldn't allow me to withdraw money
I checked my account and see that funds were deducted from a seller I didn't approve of. Can you help me understand?
I need to cancel a transaction on my debit card.
The currency exchange rate was wrong for a purchase I made.
Is there such thing as an auto top-up option?
HELP! I tried to get cash and it gave me some, but not the right amount!
I need to change my personal details in my account.
There is a direct debit set up that was not authorized by me.
Is there a pay structure for currency exchanges?
In my statement, I got a €1 extra fee.
I need information explaining why my top-up failed to go through
Am I able to do a SWIFT transfer with you?
Where can I order a card?
There is a repeat charge for the same item
Why can't my transfer complete?
Do you do business in the EU?
I did a cash deposit to my account, but I am not seeing it on my statement.
Can I use your app to exchange USD for GBP?
Can another family member hold a card for this account in addition to mine?
I don't have my card in 1 week.  Should I be worried?
How come I got charged extra for withdrawing cash?
What value can I get for my currency?
Im going to need to make a transfer from a UK account but I need it to go through ASAP. Is that going to be possible or will it take forever?? Im hoping it will be a couple hours and not a couple weeks.
I had a seller reach out to me saying my money didn't come through to them, but I'm sure it was removed from my account. Can you figure out what the deal is here?
What currencies and cards do you support?
I have tried a couple of times to make a purchase and my card keeps getting declined. Why do you keep denying my transfers? I have already tried a couple of times and it's not working.
I recently bought something in foreign currency and I am unsure of the exchange rate. Is this rate applied correctly?
What forms of ID work for verification?
If I need to top up with cash where should I look?
If I can't choose my card type will I be able to use it everywhere?
Instructions for activating card
I tried to use my card to withdrawal money from the ATM in Notting Hill but it didn't work. This is the first time I've tried using it. Is my card working?
HI,Accordingly you offer crypto top up but it doesn't seem to be working? Money just disappeared from my account.What should be done now?
Sort your top up out please! It's been pending since an hour already, can you please make this go through asap I really need the money
I transfered my balance a while back.  Why doesn't my account reflect this?
How many countries do you work in?
The app won't identify me.
why wasn't a transfer to account approved
What can I use to receive my salary?
I couldnt get cash in an ATM
WHAT IS THE SOLUTION OF THIS PROBLEM
Do you accept credit cards from the US
If I can, I would like to get both Mastercard and Visa from you.
Why is my PIN blocked?
I requested a refund but can't see it.
Can you please tell me why my card payments are not going through when I try to buy something online? When I put in my card payment it takes it but it comes back a while later.
I got charged two times for a transaction
HOW LONG TO TAKE THE TIME TO SOLVE
Your ATM pin can be changed at any VISA or MasterCard ATM with PIN services. Certain countries don't support ATM pin changes.
Can you tell me why my card keeps getting declined every time I try to use it?
Hello, I went ahead and checked my account details to be sure, and they are definitely correct.  I've had a transfer pending for a while, and I can't understand why it hasn't gone through yet.
Did I not get my refund? I don't see it.
There's a card payment with a name I don't recognize
I tried to top off using the card, but the money just disappeared?
When will I be able to see my refund?
Can you tell me why the card payment came back?
I am paid by my employer in GBP; do I need to do anything in the app to indicate this?
I've already sent the money out and still have not received money in my account.
I was needing you to see if the exchange rate is correct from when i got cash
What do I do if I still have not received my new card?
My card's expiration is approaching, how do I replace it.
A transaction shows duplicate times.
I need to know why a money transfer is available.
Hello, I made a payment with my card and it's not working. It's been a while and still says its pending. Can you tell when this will go through?
Why isn't my google top-up pay working?
What should I do if I want to get another card for someone in my family?
What are the currencies that are accepted to add money?
The expiration date on my card is very soon, and I need to get a new one.  What are the price and delivery options for my replacement card?
There is a payment that is not mine in the App.
I need my account checked because it appears there is a problem. I attempted to update my balance yesterday using cheque but it doesn't seem to have worked.  Should this not be faster than this?
How do I contact customer support about my declined transfer?
I did not receive all of my cash back
I sent money to a person and they haven't received the payment yet.
Why can't I withdraw money?
How can I top up with a cheque?
Hey, I got charged extra for some reason when I purchased an app. Is this a hidden fee or something? I don't think it's very cool.
What happens when a payment is reverted?
I moved and would like to change my address.
I want to get rid of the account, and delete personal information .
Explain why I can't do a transfer to an account.
Is there a fee for transferring money
I can't make purchases with my virtual card.
What cards do you offer?
What options do I have when topping up a US card?
My card needs to be topped up.
Let me know when I get charged extra for payments. I saw on the app a fee I wasn't forewarned about.
Someone that I had to send money to told me that they didn't receive the full amount I sent them - can you look into this?
What happened to my cash deposit?
I have a cash withdrawal that says it's pending, why?
Can I cancel an order if I haven't received the item yet? And how can I get my money back? Please help. Thanks.
Not living in same place, need to change details
What is the maximum transactions I can use on a disposable card?
My first choice would be Mastercard.
For some reason I am unable to preform a transfer to a beneficiary.
I need to change details about my personal account.
Please tell me the steps to verify my identity.
Is it possible to get a second card for my daughter?
Why is there a fee associated with card use?
How do I modify my account details?
Asked for $100 but only got $20. Why would this happen?
My transfer has not arrived.
How do I get my card to work?
There is a strange charge on my debit statement
Please help! I need a refund on a transaction on something I bought and I need the refund right away!
My automatic top-up was unsuccessful
What's going on with my balance? Shouldn't it be a bit higher since I deposited a cheque a day ago?
How quickly can I transfer something to China?
Please help me set up a new PIN.
I do not feel comfortable verifying my identity.
My card is not working.
I am having a slight problem with my American express in apple play, can you help me fix the problem with top up?
What steps do I have to take to activate my card?
I normally don't use ATMs, but I was in a rush today and had to withdraw some cash. The ATM gave me the wrong amount of money and now my app is not showing the same amount as it should. What do I do?
I was just shopping and my payment was declined in a store!  It was very embarrassing, what is going on and when will it be fixed?
I just pulled money out of the ATM and was charged a fee, WHy?
What is this fee for card payment?
Tell me why my card payment was declined.
I'd like to know how transferring my money into my account works.
How can get a Visa card?
I think the exchange rate for my for my cash withdrawal is wrong
I enetered the wrong information, I need my account unblocked How do I do that?
What are the age limits for your service?
Will I get charged on a foreign currencies exchange?
Which ATM's am i able to change my PIN?
I want to transfer money to a beneficiary, but I couldn't.
What retailers accept my card?
The bank charged me fees for withdrawing cash!
I don't know where this debit transaction on my statement came from.
Is there a reason a payment is showing complete on my side but the person who is receiving it has not gotten it?
I need a refund on a direct debit that shows in the app because I did not make it.
Can i get money in my home currency at my ATM ?I am on holiday and bit concerned because i do not have any cash with me .Is it possible to withdraw without any additional cost.
Why did I get a fee from the ATM?
This transaction needs both a Visa and a Mastercard.
I need to delete my account.
I entered the correct pin but I still couldnt get funds.
How limited is a virtual card?
How long does it take for deliver to the US?
Are there any fees if I want to add money using an international card?
I deposited a check yesterday and im not seeing it posted yet in my account. why is that? can you look into it?
I think there's been an unauthorized cash withdrawal from my account.
I am trying to find out how to exchange currency X with currency Y.
How old do you have to be?
i want to get a card but i live in the US
Why was I charged a fee for using my card
Why am I being charged to transfer funds?
The refund I asked for isn't showing up
Where do my funds originate from?
should i add money via bank transfer instead
I have an unknown debit charge in my statement, why?
I want a virtual card that is disposable
I am missing a refund amount on my account.
This card payment isn't is recognition.
I've tried using my card multiple times and it keeps getting declined.
My card payment is showing pending however this transaction was a couple of days ago. Is there a reason why it it still pending?
I tried to buy something online but my funds were transferred back to my account. What is happening?
Is there a limit to my top-up?
I'm trying to take money from my account but its not letting me. Help!
Is it possible to dispute a debit payment from a couple of months ago.
My account seems a bit off and getting weird charges.
I was given less cash then I wanted.
Tell me more about getting a virtual disposable card.
What if there is an error on the exchange rate?
Is there any fees for top ups?
Are there any places that I can't use the disposable cards at?
I prefer using Mastercard, can I substitute?
The correct amount of cash was not received.
For some reason my card payment hasn't worked. what can I do to look into that?
I need to cancel a transaction please!
I am having trouble doing a transfer. A "Decline " message appears after making the transfer.
Am I able to cancel a transfer I just made
Why isn't the transfer to my account showing up?
I transferred money but the balance hasn't changed.
Rates were applied wrong while using foreign currency at an ATM.
I've obtained the card, how do I enable it on the app?
Can you tell me why I haven't received my new card?
An item I bought had the wrong exchange rate applied.
My funds are not transferring to my bank. Why is this not working?
Is it possible to obtain both a Visa and a Mastercard from you?
I've been waiting for something that i've ordered for months now and it still hasn't arrived. I genuinely don't know what this company is doing, but put plainly, i've had enough. Please issue a refund immediately, i would not like to waste anymore of my time on these people.
Is payment required to get a card of my own?
how do i dispute a payment I didnt make
Do you have any fees if I want to add money using an international card.
Could I chose the date to have it delivered?
I usually don't get charged for transfers, why was I this month?
What can I and can't do with the disposable cards?
Can I use my account now, even though my identity verification has not gone through yet?
What physical locations can I use cash to top up?
I have a friend who needs money as soon as possibly. If I were to transfer it how long will it take to get to her?
Your service is bad.  Close my account.
Why did my cash deposit not show up?
Will this app allow me to exchange currencies?
How soon will I get my card?
I have a transaction and would like to know if I it's cancelable?
Can I use your services without access to the app?
How do you do currency exchanges?
I haven't been able to complete any transactions on my card today. Do you know what's wrong?
My card don't work.
What kind of fiat currencies are supported for holding and exchange?
When will it be delivered to the US?
My account is locked because I used the wrong pin too many times.  Please help.p
I have been doing some online shopping, but when checking out, it keeps getting declined. I tried a few times and it wouldn't work. What could be wrong?
Do I have to manually top up once I'm too low?
I don't recognize a charge on my statement.
What should I do if I think my card was stolen?
Is it normal to get charged extra when i use my card?
€1 was in my statement as an extra fee.
I was charged an extra pound.
I entered the wrong pin too many times and now I think it's blocked. What do I do?
Hi, I used an ATM today to take money out of my account, but the amount it gave me is not the amount I requested. What should I do?
I just realised I made the wrong payment yesterday. Can you please change it to the right account? It's my rent payment and really really needs to be in the right account by tomorrow
Exchange rate for my card payment is wrong
Who is giving me my money?
Can you tell me the ATMs I can use with my card?
Which fiat currencies are supported by you?
Could I reactivate my card please, I couldn't find it but it turns out it was in my jacket pocket.
Why have I received a rebate for my payment after a week?
After trying to update my account balance yesterday by cheque it doesn't seem to working. Shouldn't the process be quicker? I need my account looked at because there appears to be a problem.
how can i track card you sent
I am entering my passcode but getting an error.
why have i not got my new card?
I've just moved and I need to change my details
What do I do when a charge has been made that I did not make?
Can I get my card fast tracked?
How many physical cards am I allowed to have?
If I order a card when does it arrive?
Why are fees charged for cash withdrawals? I went to withdraw some money earlier today after shopping. There's a new fee that there.
Has my top-up gone through?
Can I use my card to withdraw from my account?
I just checked my account on the App and there is a payment on there that I did not make.
Need to report a change of address.
my phone was lost
Why have I been charged an extra £1?
I am unable to access my app due to forgetting my passcode.
I left my phone at the hotel.
What's the phone number to freeze a card?
Why isn't my refund shown on my statement?
Can I get a second card for free?
What country's money can I hold currency in?
Can I get some help to get me card activated?
For the identity check, do I need any kind of documentation?
I did not ask for the amount of cash that I received.
I was given the wrong exchange rate when getting cash
The ATM I used for foreign currency provided the wrong exchange rate.
Are visa and mastercard accepted
Card delivery services? Where?
Has my top-up been cancelled?
Who do I call to activate my new card?
Do you deliver the PIN separately?
Can I quickly send a transfer from China?  How long will it take?
I've tried many times to make a payment, but it's not going through.  What's wrong?
There are a few payments in the app that I didn't make! Does someone else have my card?  What should I do?
I tried to withdraw cash from your ATM but my transaction was cancelled.
Can I top up using my apple watch?
What countries can I use my account in?
Do I get a real card?
Can you tell me how long it takes for a new card to come?
When I was abroad the exchange rate for me was wrong.
I cannot find my PIN.
I requested a refund from a merchant several days ago, but don't see anything showing up in my account yet.  Can you check on your end to see if the money has reached you guys?
I need a disposable virtual card.
Can I track history on funds?
Hi, I draw out some money from the ATM today. The ATM has given me wrong amount and the application is displaying more amount than i withdraw.
IS there a fee to exchange currency?
My phone was stolen, what should I do first?
Why has my top up not gone through yet?
When will my refund come through
I would like a  physical card sent to me.
What do I need to do to get my salary through this?
My transfer is failing when I try to do it.
How much time do transfers take? I sent money to a friend who needs it fast. It's been hours, and the money has not gone through.
When I tried to access my cash, I wasn't allowed!
I tried entering my passcode and it isn't working. Can you help?
Why is my top-up showing as reverted?
What is the length of time for one of these items to come to the U.S?
My account is showing a double charge.
Did a card payment that I made get cancelled?
Help!  I fear that my card was stolen,
There is no way for me to prove my identity.
My card won't let me withdraw money.
I am out of money in my account and I was wondering if I could do a bank transfer is put more in it?
Can I open an account for my offspring?
I didn't get all the money I asked for
Hi I'm sending some money over to an investment bank I do business and the transaction is being rejected. I'm not sure why as I think I have the right details.
why hasn't my virtual card come yet?
My contactless stopped working today no matter where I try to use it. How do I get it to start working again?
Did  my transfer fail?
How much does it cost to top up by transfer?
How do I know if my top-up went through?
I froze my account, but how do I order a replacement card?
I can't see a transfer to my account I made.
Why was I charged a fee for withdrawing money?
Could you please tell me why my purchases from this morning say payment is pending?
When will my deposit from this morning show up?
My top-up appears to be pending.
How do I top up using my card?
Help my activate my card.
Can it add money automatically while travelling
What amount can I top-up?
My card is about to expired what will happen?
Where can I get a card in the EU?
How come my card doesn't work anymore?
What do the disposable cards do?
How long do I have to wait until the transferred money shows up?
My phone was stolen yesterday, can you help me with this?
How long does a transfer from the UK account usually take? After completing the transfer it is not showing up. I need to know that everything I actually went okay.
is apple pay a top up service?
Should my cash withdrawal still be pending?
My card is showing multiple charges for the same items on my recent statement. I was wondering what actions of needed to take to fix this issue
the product is not working, can I get a refund?
Can you help me transfer money into my friend's bank account? I tried to do it but it keeps rejecting me. I need to get the money in there asap. I have enough and all the account info is correct.
My card is going to expire, what do I do?
What is taking so long with my top up?
I won't be pleased unless I get a Mastercard.
What is the proper way to activate a card?
I attempted to get cash in the ATM but I was denied
I did a cash deposit to my account but it doesn't show up
Why did I not get the amount I specified at the ATM?
As advised by you, i requested seller to refund my money. A week has passed but i haven't got any update from seller. Please track the refund with the seller.
Card payment was declined, do you know why?
How can I configure what currency my salary is in if it's in GBP?

I can't seem to be able to use my card



I have a new card. How do I activate it?
I made a purchase and was charged at the wrong foreign exchange rate.
Where can my card be used?
At what age can I open an account?
I would like to verify my source of funds.
Please tell me how to change my pin.
Can you explain why my payment is still pending?
What cash machines will let me change my PIN?
I requested a higher amount for my cash withdrawal
My money I had was gone and I could not get gas!
Can you tell me what this cash withdrawal is?
Why did the bank reject my transfer?
How long does EU transfer take? I bought something online a couple days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet
Why isn't my refund showing up in my statement?
You promised no fees but now I've got one. What the hell!?
The ATM won't give me my card back. I need it back now!
I cannot activate my card.
When will I receive a transfer from europe?
what is the status of my refund
How do I find out what countries you service and what countries you do not?
I used the wrong account.
my identity hasn't been verified and i can't edit my details, what's next
Can you tell me what I need for identity validation?
I would like some more physical cards, what is my limit?
I was told I would be getting a refund but I have yet to see it
What do I have to do to get my virtual card?
The amount of cash I selected to withdraw is different than what I received.
Can I re-link a lost card with the app?
Is there a way to see where my money originally came from?
I would like to cancel my account.
I received a fee I should not have.
What on earth is up with the exchange rate! This should have been a much higher amount of cash
I'd prefer a Mastercard.
My card doesn't seem to work anymore
I wanted to purchase something online but the payment was returned back to me. This has been going on for a couple of weeks. Please tell me what is going on here?
What credit cards do you carry
How many times can I auto top-up?
Please tell me how to get a card if I reside in the US.
The app says my transfer failed
Can you activate my card pls
I'm having trouble proving my identity
You did not give me the correct exchange rate for an item that I bought.
If I want to can I set up a new PIN?
I signed up, but don't have a PIN. Where can I find it?
I want to top up by card
I've been waiting since Friday, where is my money?
The transfer keeps rejected, I tried to transfer some money to friends but it keeps getting rejected for some reason, Would you please check the issue?
An extra fee has been added to my card payment is this correct?
In the app, I see a withdrawal I didn't make.
I was charged an incorrect exchange rate for a withdrawal.
Do top-ups have limits?
Is there a fee for european bank cards?
How long do you have to wait to see your virtual card your ordered?
I thought I knew my password but I guess I was wrong, what can I do now?
I can't find my code
I have tried using my card for the first time at the ATM of Notting Hill to withdrawal cash but it didn't work. Does this mean my card isn't working?
Someone may have made an error in figuring out the rate of exchange.  I should have received more cash than I did on my most recent withdrawal.
Why was I charged an extra fee when doing a transfer?
I am getting charged fees on some payments.  Please help me understand, where are these fees disclosed?
cancel my account
How do I add a card on to the app?
How long will it take to transfer something from China?
How do I get money from friends?
So, my transfer is showing as pending, when will it actually go through?
Does it cost money to top up?
A payment I made is for a wrong amount can you help me correct the mistake.
Where do I go to unblock my PIN?
Can you tell me the names of the fiat currencies that I can use at your institution?
Which ATM's can I use to make a withdrawal?
What is the return policy?
Does the exchange rate change each day for purchases? There is a different rate on my purchase.
Please tell me how to get a refund for something I bought.
What number of times can I top-up?
I exchanged Russian rubles for British pounds today and got less than I expected. Was exchange rate correct?
I'm being asked for a verification code. Where do I find it?
So, I was just charged for my recent ATM withdrawal and any withdrawal prior to this has been free. What is the issue here?
My card is not working at stores.
Can I link your physical card
Are there any restrictions on where I use this card?
How is this transfer supposed to work? It's not working for me.
Talk me through modifying my details.
I need clarity on why my card is not working.
I made a payment that seems to be stuck. It's been a couple of days already. Can you tell me how long it will take?
Can you tell me why I can't make any transactions?
Can I specify a day for my card to be delivered?
Can this card be used at all ATMs?
I'm not sure what to do about the PIN, because I don't have one yet.
Why is my contactless not working?
My card hasn't came in the mail yet?
Why hasn't my cash been deposited yet?
I need to actuate my card.
Your company is lame. Shut down all my account services right now.
I withdrew money from an ATM today, and now my account is showing a different amount than what I withdrew. I checked the amount the ATM gave me, and it looks like it gave me the wrong amount of money. What is the best thin for me to do to get this fixed?
Is there a way I can get a Visa card?
I made a bank transfer earlier from my UK account.  I don't see it yet, can you check the status?
I need to make multiple disposable cards in a day.

How do I unblock my PIN?
How can I fund another account with my American Express?
Why is my identity not being verified?
In what way can I change my PIN and where do I need to be?
There is a €1 extra fee in my statement
My ATM transaction shorted me on cash, and I think the exchange rate was wrong. Did I receive the correct rate?
Why do you ask for top-up verification?
Please provide currency exchange rates
is it possible to get a refund for something I purchased?
What is with the need to have all my ID information?
What do you think of the exchange rate?
What are the disposable cards for?
I need to transfer something to China. It is urgent. How many days will it take to get there?
If I want to be able to give my daughter a card for my account, would I be allowed to get one for her?
I want to cancel the transaction I made earlier
So, I was under the impression that you have an offer for crypto top up. This doesn't seem to be working. Now, the money has just disappeared from my account. What is the deal?
The app doesn't think it's me.
I didn't receive the correct exchange rate for an item that I bought.
What US cards do you accept?  I only have 1 other.
What other currencies are available to change to?
Do cash withdrawals cost anything?
i accidentally entered in my retailers information, what should i do next
Will I be charged to top off my account?
The app reverted my top up
The store card reader would not accept my card.
Are there any charges for European bank card for top up?
Can I get my friends to add money to my account?
When will the cash that I put in the ATM be cleared from pending status?
My card is missing.
Why did I only receive a partial amount of what I tried to withdraw?
I did a bank transfer and my balance isn't current.
I exchange currencies a lot.  Can I get a discount?
I heard you have virtual cards. How do I get one?
Are there certain cards and currencies you support?
Why is my money not in my account. I have already sent it out.
I want a backup second card. Is this possible?
It says pending status for my payment. Why?
What are acceptable documents to prove my identity?
Can I have a new card shipped to China?
Can I select my card scheme or do you choose it for me?
Where are you present globally?
Some cash was missing at ATM.
I still don't have a card. How do I get one?
I have lost my phone.
What do I do if my card is about to expire?
Can I mail in a check to top up?
Payment did not process
In reviewing my statement, I show I have two charges for the same purchase at the same time, which I have not made in duplicate? How do I get this solved?
Please check my payment from last Saturday as I feel I have been overcharged on the exchange rate.  Thank you.
think someone is using my card with permission
There is a payment showing as pending and hasn't posted for a few days.  When will it post?
What should I do once my card expires?
How long does it take for a transfer to post
Is there a charge for SEPA transfers?
What are the fees associated with top up via transfer?
I want to apply for a Visa card.
What reasons could cause my top up to be reverted
What is the meaning of a pending payment?
My cash withdrawal shows as pending still.
Could you tell me about the restrictions that are on the disposable cards?
I tried to transfer some money and it hasn't done it yet - what's going on?
Around one or two weeks ago I purchased something but there's seems to be an issue. I have already received one of the items, but today the money was placed back into my account. What is happening?
I would like to have assistance with activating my card.
My money transfer has not happened yet
I do not want a VISA card.
This morning, I tried to send money to my friends several times but each time the transfer fails.  Why does it keep failing?  The transfer gets rejected but I do not know what is causing it to be rejected.
I want to get a refund.
My card seems to not be working at all.
Why is the exchange rate different on my recent purchase?
I am seeing inside the App a some cash withdrawal that is not mine
My Virtual card was rejected for a car rental. Why?
My PIN has been blocked, what should I do?
Can I get the Mastercard?
Can you explain why the ATM is giving me less money than what I asked for?
What is the currency exchange fee?
My mother deposited a cheque into my account last week, why is it still not showing up?
My refund isn't showing up
Is there an issue with my account?  I don't see a cheque deposit that I made yesterday.  Please assist.
What do I have to do to get the contactless to work?
My credit card transaction was declined for a loan payment.  Can you tell me why?
Does this app exchange currencies?
Why are there fees for using a card?
I really need to top-up my card today urgently but my card keeps getting declined!! Can you please help me with this problem or let me know if you have any alternatives
What do I do if my card is not working?
I was charged $1 in a transaction.
I paid with my card and got charged an extra fee, what's up with that?
I think my card is being used by someone else to make purchases that I didn't authorize! I checked my account and see that there have been quite a few purchases over the last two days that I have no idea where they came from. We need to freeze my card now! And I need to find a way to get my money back.
I have to transfer money over to my mother, and I have tried numerous times and all that keeps happening is error messages.
Why hasn't my account updated?
I made an ATM withdrawal over the holiday and then later realized I was charged an exorbitant fee!  I never would've made this withdrawal if I'd known I'd be charged so much.
How can I lookup the source for my available money?
Can I have a card even if I am not living in the UK?
What's the process for topping up by card?
stop the transaction
What countries are you supporting?
Help me please, My Apple Pay American Express top up does not work.
I was overcharged at an ATM while on vacation. I needed cash so I had to use it, but your charges are outregous and I wish I would have known beforehand.
Top-up is not working
Why have I all of a sudden been charged for my ATM withdrawal? I thought the withdrawals were free because this is the first time I've ever had this problem.
Is there a way to find an ATM around me?
How do I get a new card sent to China?
I believe that someone is using my card without my knowledge!
after going over my transactions for the last couple of months I noticed a pretty large charge that I know I did not make. I know it's been a while but can I still dispute this charge?
How do I replace my card before it expires?
Please provide me a list of ATMs that accept my card.
Is there a way to top up using my Apple Watch?
Why has my deposit in the ATM not cleared yet?
Why am I not allowed to verify my id?
Transfer has failed.
Is there a maximum for top-ups?
How can I move money from my account at a different bank to the account I have at this bank.
WHY IS THERE AN EXTRA FEE FOR USING THE ATM??!!!
Where is a ATM that accepts Mastercard?
What's the foreign exchange rate I will receive?
What do I do with my "decline" message on a transfer?
i've waited 2 days for a transfer to reach a retailers account, am i going to have to wait longer.
Why isn't the transfer I made to a friend showing?
Why isn't my payment showing?
There's a possibility that my card was compromised.
My identity has been stolen. I still have my physical card but there are charges I didn't make on my account. How do I cancel this card or dispute the charges?
How fast are transfers from Europe?
I would like to get help from someone in your customer service department with assisting me with activating my card.
Would I be able to get a second card?
I didn't make the direct debit payment on my account.
I am worried that too much time has gone by for a transfer to be completed.
The ATM machines keep declining my card and I don't know why. I thought I had money in my account. Why is this happening?
I requested a refund for a large order the other day and don't think I received the funds. Can you tell me if you see them or not?
Where can I get your exchange rates from?
There are two of the same charges on my account.
I just transferred my friend money, but she hasn't received it yet, and it's been a few hours. Can you tell me when to expect it to go through?
I've been charged an extra £1 and I don't know why
I have used this account overseas recently. Has there been an increase in fees that I am unaware of?
I have double-checked all of my recipient details but for some reason all of my transfers keep getting declined. I have no clue as to why.
How can receive a physical card
Why am I not able to get cash from the ATM?
Why check my identity?
are multiple currencies acceptable?
Why would my card payment be cancelled?
I am not sure but someone else might be using my card
What are eligible holding and exchange currencies?
Why is there an extra fee charged?
How do I request a refund?
My card shows a cash withdrawal I don't recognize.
What's taking my top-up so long?
Would you be so kind as to activate my card? Thanks
My card is lost!  Please help me!
I thought crypto top up with something you offer. This is not working. The money has been deducted from my account. Can you find out what's going on?
What steps do I have to take to change my PIN?
My transfer is still pending, why?
I tried activating my card and it didn't work
Why didnt my top up go through
When will the transaction go through?
ATM only gave me $20 instead of $100
How do I request a disposable virtual card?
Can you tell me more info about virtual disposable cards?
Extra charge during transfer
What do I do if I cannot access the app?
Can I set up to my account to automatically top up?
Do you offer account's for minors?
I can't remember my passcode.
details need to be modified
What happens if I use my account and my identity verification hasn't finished?
My plans may change so I may need to change from GBP to AUD.
When exchanging, how much are the rates?
I am seeing and extra 1$ charged to my account and wanted to know about it.
How do I go about exchanging currencies with this app?
I bought something and now I want a refund.
I think the exchange rate was incorrect.
It is still pending, I am still waiting. Your system just shows my top-up as pending. What is happening?
I want to get a Visa card
i withdrew cash and dont see it reflected on the balance
What are the charges for recieving SEPA transfers?
is there a limit for top up?
Will my new card work outside of the EU?
How can I top up my account by bank transfer?
Can I activate a card in the app?
What is not accepted in order for me to top up my account?
I've got a repeated tranasaction on my card.
Is it possible to transfer money to my credit card?
What is the extra fee I was charged when using an ATM?
Got only $20 when I tried to withdraw $100.
How would I go about getting a physical card to use in stores?
I wish to cancel a transfer
What does pending payment mean?
Can the card was sen to me be tracked?
What exchange rate is it?
Can I get both a Visa and a Mastercard from you?
Hey, I tried to withdraw some cash earlier and it's saying it's pending? Will I be charged for this?
I would like to get an item refunded
Since I need to exchange currencies frequently, would you be able to offer me a discount?
I need to close my account as soon as possible.
I question today's exchange rate for rubles into pounds. I was hoping for a better return.
I only have a card from the US is that okay?
I used my card to top up, but now I don't see the money in my account.
How do I fix a payment that was reverted
what currencies can i use to add money to my account
How do I add money to my card?
are you sending me my card?
always exchanging currencies, do you offer a discount?
I lost my card n need a new one.
The activation process did not work, please help?
In regards to my card payment, the exchange rate is incorrect.
Why is the exchange rate terrible?  That can't be close to the actual interbank rate.
Why does it say my transfer failed?
How come I didn't get a virtual card yet?
Is there a way to track the new card you sent me?
I got cash abroad and need to check the exchange rate
I'm having difficulties changing AUD for GBP. How do I do this?
Please explain why my top-up hasn't been processed yet?
I was trying to use my card and it was declined, when I tried to find out what happened I found cash withdraw for $500 that I didn't do.  Can you please help figure this out?
Why was one of my transfers declined?
Can I use my American Express card to add money into my account?
My money transaction can't be seen by the person I sent it to
Can I wait for you to send me a new card when mine's about to expire?
explain the virtual card
Can cash be used in physical locations to top up?
I put money into my account in the form of a cheque, but my balance did not change.
I did a transfer.  What is the extra fee?
Can you show me how to top up with Google play?
Been trying to transfer money this morning but keep getting rejected. I don't understand why this is happening.
I would like to purchase another card.
I didn't get the correct amount of money from the ATM machine
Whats the minimum age to have an account
I didn't initiate a direct debit that I see on my account
What steps do I need to get another card?
How much does it cost to get more cards?
Will the system automatically update once there is no more money left?
How do I know what the exchange rate will be when I make an exchange.
Why doesn't the person I sent money to see that transfer yet?
I've checked multiple times to make sure the account number listed is the right one after attempting to make a transfer within the country the day before yesterday. The transfer is still not available so can you please find out what is going on?
When I top-up, the app reverts it.
I still want to use my account but haven't verified is that OK?
How long should a cheque deposit take to show? My account hasn't updated and I want to make sure everything is okay.
I want a Mastercard, instead.
Can you elaborate on why I have an extra charge just for transferring?
I don't know why my card payment did not work
Do you have the option for a disposable virtual card?
why do i need to verify the top up?
The exchange rate was incorrect for this item I bought.
I am not comfortable verifying my indentity.
How do I use the disposable cards?
What's the limit on total number of cards I can have?
What should I do if my card is stolen?
Show me how can my friends top up my account.
I can't figure out why a transfer is still pending?
Can I have a second card issued to another family member?
I visited the ATM but got less money than what I requested. Why?
I need to set up an account for my daughter, how would I do that?
How do I get this damn virtual card to work?
Can I order a disposable virtual card?
I want a reason as to why my beneficiary is not allowed?
Can my salary be received and transferred to my current currency in my country?
Was there a number to track that I could get?
I thought transfers were free. Why was I charged to transfer?
Why does my transfer keep generating an error message?
Why was I charged twice for the same thing?
How soon will my balance be updated to reflect my transfer?
Are there any specific cash machines that I have to go to in order to change my PIN?
Can I use my virtual card for recurring monthly payments?
I need to withdraw money. Where can I do that?
what is the leadtime for a new card to show up in the mail?
When do i get charged a fee for using the card?
There is a mysterious debit transaction on my statement
Hey I thought transfers were free.  Why are you charging me?
I'd like to know where my funds come from.
What are the steps I should take to recover my swallowed card?
Its been several days and my cash withdrawal is still pending. Why?
Why isn't my id verified?
Can you look into why my most recent top-up is showing as pending? I thought it was supposed to be instantaneous.
I can't log in
How come there is a $1 extra charge on my statement?
Where can I find my PIN? I haven't gotten it yet.
Reverted top up
Why was my transfer stopped ?
What do I do to close my account?
Can you tell me exactly what fees I will expect to see in regards to your cards?
I was only given $20 after trying to withdraw $100
why was i chargged
Does the app allowing exchanges between USD and GBP
I got a declining message during a transfer? please tell me why
Am I able to open an account for my children?
You accepts my card?
Still waiting on my refund...
How can I tell what foreign exchange rate I will get?
I have tried sending a standard transfer five times and it hasn't gone through. What is the problem?
Why hasn't the transaction I did to my friend arrive yet?
Are you okay with exchanges to EUR?
Verify top-up card help?
Is there a way to top-up when it reaches a certain balance?
I have my card now how do I activate it?
I'm trying to use my Apple Watch to top up my google pay. Do I need a special app?
How to verify my identity
Why is my exchange rate wrong?
I need a new card, my old card is expiring.
What is the reason when I tried to pay contactless at the bus, it didnt work?
Why has my top-up been returned to my account?
How do I delete my account? I am dissatisfied with the service.
I have done a transfer within the country the day before yesterday, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, I've checked that already.
Hello, I just checked my card transactions and saw that I was charged twice for a restaurant visit I did earlier this week. Is it possible to remove one of them and get my false paid money pack?
I have kids and I'm curious at what age could they start to use your service.
What caused my top up to be reverted?
Visa and Mastercard can both be received from you?
What do I do if I do not recognise a cash withdrawal?
Where do you deliver cards to?
I don't see my card anywhere in the app.
How about disposable virtual cards?
They said I would get a refund but I don't see it on my statement.
I have exceeded the number of PIN attempts
Why did the funds for one of my purchase come back to my account?
My transfer's stuck on pending.
May I get an account for my daughter?
During the last month I used this account to make payments for my place abroad. I noticed the fees have increased and I wonder why. Shouldn't frequent users have less fees as incentive to keep using instead of increasing them out of nowhere?
I changed my mind on something I purchased through you and I need the transaction canceled and a refund as soon as possible. Can you help me please?
I deactivated my card but would like to reactivate it.
I see a direct debit that isn't mine? How can I get my money back?
My card got trapped inside an ATM, what should I do?
Can I use google play as my primary app to Top up?
I need to verify my funds.
It seems like a transfer is pending.
How do I order a disposable virtual card?
I have duplicated transactions on my statement
I found my card, am I able to put it back into the app?
Remove my account immediately.
Do you have the best exchange rate?
I purchased something and the seller hasn't received the money yet, but it has been deducted from my account.
Would it be possible for me to get a second card?
Why does my transfer still say it is pending?
Are there going to be fees from adding money with an international card?
Why isn't my purchase exchange rate correct?
How do I validate my identity.
the exchange rate on my payment was wrong
What does a 'pending payment' mean?
Hi. A couple hours ago I make a transfer from my UK bank account, but it hasn't shown up. Please, would you see what the delay is?
is there a way i can see source of money?
What is the number of transactions I get with a disposable card?
I am seeing unathorized transactions in the app, on my account.
Can you tell me how to get a disposable virtual card?
What are the reasons for my beneficiary not being allowed?
How do I close my account, since I'm dissatisfied?
The ATM at Metro bank on High St. Kensington didn't return my card, and the bank is now closed. How do I get back a card swallowed by an ATM?
There are some charges that I don't recognize.  It happened days ago.  Can I get these charges back?  Should I cancel my card?
I need someone to find out where my money has gone to? It has disappeared. I completed a top up earlier and seen it had went through. Since it has now disappeared I need to know what's going on.
Are there any restrictions on the disposable cards?
I saw money was taken out of my account by a seller a while back. I do not recognize the seller, but I'm pretty certain I didn't make that payment. Can you track who the seller is?
Why isn't the transferred money there?
Are there any extras for exchanging currency?
How long will it take to deliver to the US?
I just had a wedding and I want to take my spouses name.
I made a payment and it was reverted and wanted to know why?
My card is stuck inside the ATM.
Hello, I tried to take out some money out of the ATM, but it's still showing that it's pending? I really don't want to be charged for this.
What could the reason be that my payment card was declined?
is it possible to cancel transactions?
Why was my cash withdrawal cancelled at the ATM?
Will you charge me for exchanging foreign currencies?
Is my new bank card on the way and is there a way to track it?
My cash deposit isn't in my account. What happened?
The ATM keeps rejecting my Payment. I tried two different ATMs but did not work .Can you please check if everything is okay with my account?
where are the transfers originating
How much will it be in order to pay with a bank transfer using SEPA?
I think someone stole my card because I can't find it.
My app says that I'm not verified.
I need to reset the passcode.
Do I get a discount if I exchange currencies a lot?
I don't know where a direct debit payment came from

Where can I withdraw money from?
What are the steps that I need to take to activate a new card?
How many days until my US transfer arrives?
In a recent withdrawal I received less cash than I expected to receive.  Did someone make an error with the exchange rate?
I'd rather not use my physical card, how can I get a virtual card?
This is not right, I was told I could take out cash at the ATM for free?
Are cards from the US accepted?
Can I choose whether I receive a Visa or a Mastercard card?
Why hasn't my payment gone through?
Your foreign exchange rate is wrong.
Why can't I see my refund in my statement?
What is the process for unlocking the pin?
What countries are you available in?
Is it possible to reactivate the card I thought I lost but found this morning in my jacket?
The card has suffered a security breach.
My disposable virtual card was rejected.
Fix my top up
Why is my cash deposit not in my account?
how do I speed up identity verification?
Why is my transfer appearing as "pending"?
What if I don't verify my identity?
How do I fix a broken card?
I want to use a payment card to top up my account. How can I do this?
I think that there was an error in calculating the exchange rate.  I recently withdrew cash and received much less than expected.
Will I be able to top up by cheque?
help, lost my card
How do I get money from an ATM using my card? I can't seem to get it to work? I used the pin I had, but maybe it's wrong? What do I need to do to fix this?
What is the reason my top-up is still pending?
My money has disappeared. I had recently added money in, and saw it was there and went through. Now it's gone. What is happening?
Have a payment that I haven't done.
Why is it taking so long for a transfer to complete!
I'd like to get a Visa card, please.
Is auto top up a provided service?
What identification is required to activate my card?
Do I need to go to an office to change my pin?
Why didn't my transfer to a beneficiary go through?
How long will it take my card to get here?
I bought something that I need a refund for.
I made a cash deposit and the balance wasn't updated.
Why am I still waiting for a transfer?
What is the closest ATM?
Why am I charged a fee for using my card on some purchases?
went somewhere else, need to change details
I made a transfer and was charged extra. Why?
I tried to make a transfer and it didn't work.
I was trying to top-up and my credit card was declined. Can you tell me why?
I just did a transfer, but don't see the money in my account. What's up?
Can I have more physical cards?
How can I deposit money to my account?
Somebody used my card without my knowledge!
When is a payment I made with my card going to clear>
i need to trace a deposit
How quickly can you get me my card?
I can't make any transfers, they won't go through, the details are correct as I checked them.  Can you look in to this please?
After inputting the wrong pin too many times, can you now help me unblock my pin?
Why can I not choose the card i want?
Why is checking my identity important?
How to order my card?
I requested $100 but only got $20
i need to proof my identity to you why and how?
Why do I have a transaction showing up more than once?
How are the exchange rates for transfers calculated?
How do I dispute a debit that I didn't make?
Please tell my why I was charged a fee for using my card?
Why can't I get cash out?
How do I replace a card that's going to expire?
I am not in the UK can i get a card?
I tried to buy something over the Internet yesterday and got a declined error. I tried again today and got the same message. What is the issue?
Hi, My card is getting declined continuously when i am trying to top-up. Request you to look into this issue or tell me any other alternatives.
What would be a reason my transfer got declined?
Why am i being double charged for something?
Can it be delivered on a certain date?
I have been charged a fee that I didn't know about. Why have you charged me extra for card payments?
I've got a problem - I bought something with my card one or two weeks ago, but now exact same amount of the purchase is showing up in my account. I like more money in my account, but this is too good to be true. Can you tell me what's happening?
Is there a reason my top-up has been cancelled?
Why is my payment declined? It looked like everything worked ok and my account was fine.
Is it possible to get both Visa and Mastercard from you?
Which fiat currencies are supported for holding and exchanging?
atm refused to give me money
Please provide details on how to top up my account using transfer option
My transfer isn't in
Can you please advise if there is something wrong with my card? I have had multiple rejections and do not know the reason. Thanks!
Do I get charged for a top up from a European bank?
How is the current exchange rate?
What are the various currencies and cards that you offer support for?
My phone has been lost or stolen
What's the amount that I can top-up?
Where do I order a card?
I tried using my card, but it doesn't work.
I think someone else is using my card.
Everything was stolen from me.  I can't use the app.  Please advise.
i have used my card online before and wasn't charged, why am i charged now
I want to terminate my account
My funds are low, can I auto top up?
I can't find my phone; what can I do to prevent someone from accessing my account on it?
Why won't my transfer go through?
So much time has gone by, the pending status shouldn't still be there shouldn't it?
Are there fees for receiving a SEPA transfer?
I think I am having an issue with withdraws on my card. It was declined on the way to work this morning. This hasn't happened in the past.
How can I change the currency I'm exchanging from AUD to GBP?
How can I cancel my transfer?
Can I do a SWIFT transfer?
How do I go about changing my address?
I found my lost card in my jacket pocket this morning so I'd like to reactivate it please.
I need to know what is going on. I'm attempting to purchase a flat and need the money to pay on my initial mortgage payment. I'm only getting an error. Can you find out what's going on and help in making the transfer?
why has a cash withdrawal charged me?
I was given the wrong amount of cash
Are there a certain amount of transactions i can do with one disposable card?
Can my password be reset if I do not have it?
The top-up verification code is not visible.
I need help reapplying my top-up. It seems it isn't working.
How do I query a payment on my card? It looks like I have paid for the same thing twice.
Where can I find an ATM?
I can't figure out why I haven't gotten my cash, when I already put the check in the bank.
Hello, i'd like to inform you of an issue i'm currently experiencing. The goods i have ordered from your website have still not arrived yet; it has been over 3 weeks. I would like to be issued a refund swiftly and be redirected to more competent people. Thank you for your assistance.
Yesterday, I made an incorrect payment to the wrong account for my rent payment. I need this addressed as soon as possible and the funds transferred to the correct account by no later than tomorrow.
Where can I get a new passcode?
I attempted to get cash in the ATM but it was not authorized
When will the money reach my  account?
how long until a cash withdrawal will show on my account
Where is an ATM?
Why are my transfers getting declined?
Why did withdrawing money cost me extra?
How long will it take for my cash withdrawal to no longer show as pending?
Did a WD earlier at an ATM.  The amount showing in the App is more than I got though.
For the identity check, what kind of documents do I need to have?
I have a question about fee for cash withdraw.
I think the exchange rate for the cash I withdrew wasn't correct.
The card PIN?
what was the $1 fee i got
Is there a fee for a cash withdrawal?
Do you have to be in the UK to get a card?
I found my lost card. Am I still able to use it?
How can I use my American Express to add money into my account?
I would like to have a physical card to carry around and use. How can I get one?
How many disposable cards can you own?
Does a US transfer take long
I see I was charged $1 for a transaction.
how to track the card you sent
may I have a Visa and a Mastercard from you.
How come I can't get money at the ATM
Where can I find the auto-top option?
I didn't withdraw the amount of cash that is showing up in the app.
Is there a charge for getting more cards?
My money transaction hasn't arrived.
How can my account have money transferred into it?
How do I use cash to top up my account?
How long until transfers complete?
why have I got a pending transfer? I'm confused!!
I noticed an extra charge on the purchase that I made last Saturday on my account. Can you see if I received the correct exchange rate?
my cash withdrawal is pending, why?
My top up has been pending for an hour already, and I really need this to go through as soon as possible.  Can you help?
show me how to top up
Why is the cash withdrawal under pending?
I just want to top-up, why do I need to verify anything?
Are there still fees for european top-ups?
Verifying top-up cards necessary?
Are there topping up fees if I have to transfer?
When will I get a virtual card? I haven't gotten one yet
How long do transfers from Europe take?
I paid with my card so so why was I charged a transaction fee?
Hi, I'm trying to transfer money from one country to another, but it's taking a long time! All the account information is right, so why is it taking so long?
I got double charged from something, what can I do?
I need a list of currencies you accept for exchange.
Is my transfer pending?
What is the process to create a disposable virtual card?
How old do you need to be to open an account?
It's been more than a week since I had a return charged to my card, why hasn't it showed up?
why is there a service fee on my statement?
Would I be able to get an account for my child?
The day before yesterday I transferred funds to another account within the country.  The funds have not yet arrived.  I double and triple checked the account number and it was correct.  Why hasn't the transfer been completed yet?
How long should I wait for the card to arrive?
How long do EU transfers take? I bought something online a couple days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet
Why is the purchase I made this morning still pending?
In the US, how long is the wait for a transfer?
There is a fee for a transfer, please explain that to me.
Why isn't my money from a check deposit showing?
How can I get my money back on an order. I haven't gotten the item yet, so I want to cancel the order. How?
I live in the EU, can I get one of your cards?
Is my card frozen?
Verify my source of funds?
Is there a specific date i can have it delivered?
Why did you revert my top up?
I was using a foreign currecy to make a payment and the applied the wrong rate.
How low does the balance have to be before the system updates?
The day before yesterday, I performed a transfer within the country. It still has not completed. Can you check on that? The account number is definitely correct, as I've checked.
Which currencies are allowed?
My cheque is taking a while
I added money but my top-up wasn't processed by the app.
My new card is here, what's the process for activating it?
The ATM keeps declining my card! I tried two different ATMs already can you please check if everything is alright with my account??
I tried to use my debit card, but the payment did not work.
why don't you accept american express for adding money to my account
How come I got blocked for entering wrong pins?
How do I get my cash withdrawal to show?
My PIN is not working, can you help?
Is there a way to tell where the money came from?
I am having trouble transferring money to a beneficiery.
how to delete account, not happy
Are my contactless settings correct? I tried to use it today but it wasn't working.
Help please!  My rent payment is coming out tomorrow and I made a payment mistake yesterday! Can you put in in the correct account?
What is the number of transactions for one disposable card?
My top up hasn't gone through yet, why?
Why does top-up require verification?
My source of funds require verification.
I can't find how to top up my account with a check.  Where is that?
My cash withdrawal was short.
How long does it take for a top up to go through
I was charged twice for the same thing.
I lost my wallet and I think someone is withdrawing cash with my card. Please help. It is urgent.
Is there a top-up limit?
explain the interbank exchange rate
Where is this card accepted?
Can my account me accessed by a thief?  I was mugged.
How to cancel a transaction
Can somebody else top up my account?
Where do I unblock my PIN?
I noticed additional charges when transferring?
How do you determine exchange rates?
Can I use my salary for this?
I have been charged an extra pound!
There was just a withdrawal but it wasn't me, I've never even visited the town where the withdrawal happened.
Can turn my money into another currency?
Do I need to set a limit on auto top-up?
Which merchants accept my card?
I would like to move money from one account to another to top off my account. Can you explain how I can do that?
Why do i have to verify my top-up card?
How much does it cost to exchange my balance into a foreign currency?
What is this extra pound charge for?
Why is my transfer pending when I already made it?
Why did you decline my transfer?
How long does it take for a transfer to reach my account?
Why does my statement show a $1 charge on my account?
Is it possible for me to set up separate accounts for my kids?
I wasn't able to withdraw money at an ATM
For SEPA transfers, what kind of charge will be applied?
I need to cancel a purchase that I made the other day.
Why is there an additional fee showing on the statement I received?
For you, how long do transfers normally take from a UK account? I completed one just now but nothing appears. I just need to be sure everything is okay.
Why is my last cheque deposit taking so long?
My transfer to a beneficiary did not go through.  Why?
Why did I get charged a fee on my card?
Why isn't my disposable virtual card working?
I paid with card and was charged a fee that shouldn't be there!
What do you do to transfer money to my account?
why does my statement contain an extra fee?
I am having issues using contactless payments, could my card be damaged?
What are the limitations on the disposable cards?
How can I change my name in my profile?
I want to do a bank transfer to this bank, from an account at another bank.
I did a topup successfully but its not showing in balance. I think there is some problem in system.
My identity hasn't been verified.  Can I use my account?
Why are there multiple transactions showing for one purchase?
Am I allowed to use different currencies?
Hello, I was just went through my recent transaction on my bank account and I just noticed that I was charged twice at a place that ate at this past week. Can I get that second transaction removed from my account?
Are cards available in the EU?
google pay top up did not work
After I used my card I saw I was charged a fee for using it
Can friends send me money?
Which type of card will I receive?
A fee that shouldn't be there is there after using my card!
Can I use your app to exchange between USD and GBP
How do I receive a refund for my item?
Tell my why my top-up is pending.
Please explain the extra fee when I paid with the card.
My app says I withdraw money from my account from an ATM.
I AM MISSING CASH FROM MY BANK ACCOUNT ACCORDING TO MY APP
Why would a card payment be declined?
How can I create a disposable virtual card?
Can you tell me why my pop-up is still pending?
How do I change my name after marriage
I lost my phone and need help so someone doesn't access my account.
Why am I being charged to make cash withdrawals? I thought they were supposed to be free!
I would like to know why a withdraw I made for some cash shows up as pending.
Can I change my details because I moved?
I need to know when a payment will actually go through. I completed a payment using my card but it is just showing as pending at this point and it has been a while ago.
I'm not satisfied with the services that you are providing.  I would like to end my services and delete my account.
Do you allow currency exchanges?
My card hasn't been working for even small transactions today.
Do I have a $1 extra fee on the statement?
Will I be sent a new card before mine expires?
The app does not believe that I am myself
Why did my top-up not go through?
I needed $100 but all it gave me was $20.
Do you accept cheques for top-up?
My top-up never worked
Why is there an extra fee on a transfer?
What process should I use to transfer money into my account?
Is it possible to get a new card in China?
I found the card I thought I lost this morning. Can I reactivate this card?
I need help proving that this is really me and to verify my identity.
Is there a certain age I need to be?
when should I receive my refund
There is a withdrawal in my account I didn't make.
There is an unauthorized payment in my statement.
I have an American Express that I'd like to add money to my account with.
If I am in China, can I still order a new card and if so, how?
I have a new email.
I tried using my ATM card at your Notting Hill location today.  It did not work.  Am I doing something wrong?
I want to revert a transaction I did this morning
I can't do any business with this virtual card.
Why hasn't my transaction completed?
Why hasn't my son received the transfer I sent to him earlier?
How can I request cash back? The ATM just gave me the wrong amount that I've been charged though...
Help!  My card is stolen.
The transfer I tried to make failed.
Why couldn't I get cash from an ATM?
I live in the US and I would like to get a card. How do I go about getting one?
My identity verification is not working.
I didn't receive the correct amount of cash
My card hasn't arrived.
The exchange rate is incorrect for my payment.
Where do I go to reset the passcode?
why is there a fee for the transfer I made?
I do not like this, I made a simple transfer but I have an additional charge for doing so.
Why did my top up get pulled back out?
I want a mastercard
I didn't mean to do the transfer, is there any way to cancel it?
Help, I don't know what the PIN is to my card?
It won't let me verify my identity.
The card payment I attempted to make failed.
I just deposited cash to my account and can't find it!
My atm withdraw is stillpending
Is there a reason why my card was declined when I attempted to withdraw money?
How can I get funds into my account from my American Express?
Could you please tell me why my card payment didn't work?
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but I found it.
What's the process for topping up my card?
I just bought an item and would like to stop payment, is this possible?  The item has not been received yet.
how come when i got cash the exchange rate was different than it should be
Problem verifying my account
Do I have a Visa card as an option?
Why hasn't my payment shown up yet?
How long does a check take to show up in the account balance?
I sent money for my rent to my landlord but she is claiming it hasn't arrived in her account  Can you trace the transfer I made to make sure it arrived so I can provide proof I sent it and that it has been deposited?
If I want to topup by card, how do I do it?
How can I hold and exchange fiat currencies?
I know I'm getting a new card but would like know when I can expect to receive it.
I tried to make a transfer, but it didn't work.
What is the refund procedure?
I sent money about 5 days ago and the recipient has not received the money yet.
My top-up failed to go through.
can i deposit a check here?
Could you explain your rules for ATM fees?
What do I need for the identity verification?
Why have I been charged an extra pound?
What does top-up verification do?
Does the PIN come under separate cover?
Do you have an age limit?
What do you require to verify someone's identity?
What currencies can I not hold many in, if so what are they?
do i have to talk to someone to close an account or can i in the app
Hi, I am currently in the process of buying a flat and I am waiting for the mortgage to go through but it keeps showing up as an error.  Do you know what could be causing this and can you help me get the money over.
My wallet was just stolen, and they've already used my card! Please help, I can't afford to lose more money!
What currency is acceptable for a top up?
Why was there a fee on my cash withdrawal?
how long does a US transfer take
This is frustrating, I'm at work and my transfers are not going through. I keep getting an error message, I do not have time for this.
I ordered online weeks ago and I never received my package in the mail and I don't want to wait any more. So if I could get my money back now that would be great.
I would like to close my account, as I'm not happy.
I need to know this, where do my funds come from?
Which currencies can I use to add money?
I couldnt transfer money from my account.
My balance was not updated with my checque or cash deposit.
I have a fee showing from last time I used my card.
I tried to withdraw cash at an ATM in the city center but my card was declined. The transaction is still showing up as pending - please cancel it!
Can you make sure I get a MasterCard and not a Visa?
is there a reason that my payment didnt go through
how much will I be charged for making a transfer?
what is the fee for a transfer into my account
What is the way to go about getting a virtual card?
I tried transferring money to a beneficiary, however, I was unsuccessful.
I'd like to know what the foreign exchange rate will be.
Why do I have to give you my drivers license
I would like to know how exchange rates are calculated when transferring funds.
When will my top up be applied?
Why am I unable to transfer money when I was able to before?
What locations can I get money from?
I had transferred some money but the balance hasn't changed.
What's the reason my new card hasn't come?
If I top up by card, what options do I have re: currency and card type?
Hi, I am unable to see transaction in my account which i made couples of hours ago from my UK account. Please help me in this.
Are there any restrictions for the disposable cards that I need to be aware of?
How can I add a new card?
My card has been lost / stolen
Where can money withdrawals be made?
The virtual card won't work.
Hello, what is a virtual card and how do I get one?
Do i need to verify my top up?
When will the money from my bank transfer be available?
I need to know the process to transfer money into my account.
How do I link an existing card?
what are you going to use my identification details for?
Do I need my phone to use the app?
I want to revert this mornings transaction.
I see non-received cash in my app.
I found the card that I thought I lost, and I would like to reactivate it.
Is there a fee for physical cards?
There are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that in reality I didn't make. Maybe someone has access to my card?Can you check whats the issue ?
What kind of fees will I pay when I transfer?
Does auto top-up have a limit?
I can't figure out how to unblock my pin number. Can you help me?
Will I be charged any fee for receiving money?
i haven't received my order and want a refund
My card appears to have never arrived?
I'm cancelling this charge. I still have not received what I bought from these people a while ago.
I'm checking my statements and I saw a purchase from a couple weeks ago that I don't recall at all. Not only that, but I don't even know the business that charged it. I'm not sure if I did it or not, but can we check it and see if we can trace it back to make certain?
Can you please disable my current account.
I tried to get gas but my money was gone!
The ATM didnt return my card!
Why can't I buy cryptocurrency on the app?
I want to inactivate my account.
How long does it take for a transfer to finish pending?
When do i activate auto top-up?
How long will my most recent transfer take to go through? The recipient needs the money urgently.
I recently reported my card as missing/lost, and I just found it. Can I still use it?
Is there a cash withdrawal fee? Because I just got charged?
What do you demand for identity verification?
How can I get disposable virtual cards?
Why couldn't I transfer funds to my beneficiary?
I forgot my password to get into the app!
where is my money from this morning
I topped up about half an hour ago and the charge is still pending. I'm a new customer and today is my first time doing this. Can you fix it? It doesn't seem to be working.
how can the money machine keep my card what do i need to do?
I don't recognize some transactions.  Is someone else using it?
When I bought something abroad, the exchange rate was wrong.
My payment has an incorrect exchange rate.
Why was I charged when taking out money?
What currencies do you support?
My card keeps getting declined when I try to use it.  I would like to top-up, but it is not going though.
I requested a refund directly from the seller but I still don't have it. I just want you to send me my money back. I did what you said to do and I still don't have it.
How do I go about getting a virtual card?
Can you tell me the status of my new card?
Could you send me and up date on the arrival of my card?
Can I get an account for my daughter?
the exchange rate at which my card payment is at is wrong
I've transferred money into my account but the balance is the same
My card has been lost! help!
What do I do to Top up my card?
Why did using an ATM cause me to be charged an additional fee?
I saw on the app that a cash withdrawal was completed on my account; however, I did not complete it.
I ordered a virtual card but it hasn't come through yet
I would like to cancel my previous transaction
I put money in my account a week ago but its still not there?? What happened to my money?
I might need to exchange between USD and GBP, is this possible with your app?
Are there cash machines where I can change my PIN?
My address needs to be changed.
May I order another card?
Which cards and currencies are supported?
I must make a transfer from China and it is urgent. How long before the transfer is complete?
I want to know why my top-up was reverted
Hello - I'm on the app and trying to purchase crypto. It's not going through. What am I doing wrong?
Hi, I'm buying my son Bertie a starter home in London.  I'm just trying to send the 5% deposit over to the agent. It's only £200,000 but seems to be throwing an error.  What is going on?  If I wait any longer the house prices might rise, can you look in to it please?
Why did my credit card get declined for top up?
I need to get hold of a physical card?
My new card just arrived, how can I activate it?
Can I change my address?
Where can I link a new card?
I did a transfer but its still pending
Looks like my top up failed.
A card has been sent to me, how do I track it?
A strange card payment, I do not recognize it.
phone is gone
Why does it still charge me even though I was unable to withdraw money from the ATM?
Why can't I transfer money to a beneficiery?
I'm in China and need a new card. Please help.
Why does it matter that I prove my identity?
When will my top up process?
It can take between 10 minutes to an hour before you hear back from us about the verification result.  Please try again if your verification fails.  Make sure you double check that images are clear and all document photos are readable without blur or glare. You have to be 18 or older and live in the European Economic area or live in Switzerland to be able to open an account.
My top up did not show up as shown and my money has disappeared, can you help me fix this glitch problem?
I bought an item then noticed the exchange rate was wrong.
My card arrived but I don't know how to get my PIN.
After purchasing an item I noticed the exchange rate was incorrect.
Can i get payed through this system?
Can I add a card to back into the app?
My payment was terminated
Help! I just realised someone has apparently withdrawn money using my card! It's from some odd remote town where I definitely haven't been. Please freeze it immediately!
The card is non-functional.
What are the auto top-up policies?
I recently made a transfer that I would like to cancel
I need to find out why my pending payment hasn't gone through.
What do I do if the ATM swallowed my card?
I contacted the seller and he won't respond.  Please just refund me my  money.
How would I use a disposable card?
When will I receive the card?
I tried to make a transfer but it failed. will you tell me why?
I moved and need to change my personal information.
Who accepts the card?
Can third party fees affect a transfer?
I lost my phone. Can I use my card without the app?
Delete all of my account information and my account right now.
How long before transferred money shows up?
My account is devoid of funds. Am I permitted to submit additional money via bank transfer?
There is a cash withdrawal on my statement that I don't recognize
When will I see an updated balance after a transfer?
I can't see a verification code anywhere
I made a cash deposit to my account but i don't see it
Can I put my found card back into the app on my phone?
My card is no longer lost. How do I enter it back into the app?
What is the charge to make a transfer
Why won't cash come out of the ATM?
I made a cash deposit going to my account but it is not there
Can you tell me about why the account I have was charged an extra 1$
I was checking the app for my account and I noticed there is an authorized charge on it.  I haven't used my card today, so I know I didn't do it.  I would like the transaction reversed and the money replaced.
Is there a reason my payments are pending?
I received a returned payment that I made.
Why is this not letting me exchange crypto? I need help making this transaction go through.
Is it possible to purchase more physical cards with my account?
Will there be a fee if I receive a SEPA transfer
I want to transfer money. How do I do that for my account?
When will I be able to see the refund
Can I still access the app even though my phone was stolen?
stolen phone, what should i do
How can I tell the source for my available funds?
I went for a meal in Seattle and paid the bill but I think they charged me twice, the first time they swiped the card I got a notification to say the money had gone out the account but then I added a tip and I think they swiped it all again. Can you refund one of the charges?
I'm looking to get an additional card.
How do I find out my source of funds?
I need an actual card that I can hold in my hand, how do I do that?
There is a strange 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. What's the cause for that? I haven't purchased anything for a pound.
I want to replace my current PIN.
My morning transaction needs to be canceled.
I want to use cash to top up.
How do I activate a card?
How do i request more physical cards?
I want to take some funds from my other bank account and add them to this one.
I've tried completing a very standard transfer and have already attempted it 5 times. What's going on here? Is there a problem with your system?
I think someone stole money from my card
My disposable virtual card isn't working.
My contactless payments don't work.
Is there something wrong with my ATM Card?  Tried using it earlier and it did not work.
My card payment has the wrong exchange rate
Can I Transfer from SWIFT?
Suddenly, my card won't work.
Why is there a fee for my transfer?
I don't see a money transfer yet
Can I check to see where the funds came from?
The refund on my account hasn't shown up
Is there a problem with my account? When I tried to withdraw cash at an ATM I was denied.
I have a duplicate payment on my card.
What do I need for the identity check?
What is the fee for a cash withdrawal?
Is there a transaction limit for a disposable card?
Why did my top-up not work?
I'm still waiting for my new card.
Canceling my order is what I need to do right now.
When will my top up go through?
How do I reset my passcode?
i need a refund right away but the funds aren't available in my account
How old do my kids have to be use this?
My card has been declined by two separate ATM, and I'm worried something is wrong with my account. Would you please see if my account is okay?
I need to delete my account, please.
My app shows a money withdrawal that I did not do.
What other fiat currencies can I use?
Help!  The app says I took out cash but I didn't!
I no longer want this can i cancel my purchase?
If I live outside of the UK am I still eligible for a card?
I can't get any money from my account.
I went tot the ATM earlier today and didn't realize this till now but I did not get all the money I requested.  I believe my account was charged for 100 but I only got 80.  Is there any way we can solve this problem?
Tell me what I should do after my card expires.
I have another card from the U.S. Will you be able to accept that one?
I transferred a payment a couple days ago and it shows done, but it has not been received.  Could you please help me?
how do I get a disposable virtual card?
I need to change my phone number.
Is there a fee for topping off a US card?
What ATMs can I use my card?
I do not recognise this card payment.
I need a new card to replace an expired one. Will it cost anything, and how soon?
If I need to make an exchange from USD to GBP, how can I do so in the app?
My top-up is taking a while to process!
Do I need a photo ID to activate a my new card?
Transfer was declined.
I will be traveling.  Can I add money automatically?
I'm still waiting for the top-up!
what is source of my money
How can I make my card show up in the app?
Are there any restrictions to where I can use my card?
Where should I withdraw money from?
I live in the EU.  Can I order one of your cards?
My card payment was reverted
I could not get the cash I wanted
Is this app capable of exchanging currencies?
I didn't enjoy my tutor session and want a refund back. How do I go about doing this?
Can you explain why my Google Pay Top isn't working?
How long do I wait for a transfer to take?
What is the identity verification process?
How can I update my details since I moved?
I had a problem with my card payment, can you help?
I need someone to assist me with explaining how much I can top-up.
Where do I find how to top off with a check?
Why do you require identification documents
How long will a transfer be pending for?
I hope you can help me. My account has been compromised from a different town that I haven't been to. Can you please place a hold on my account until I can make it to the bank?
My card was eaten by the cash machine what do I do?
A while ago i requested a refund from a seller. I keep checking my statement but I have not been refunded yet. I'm confused why i haven't gotten my money back yet but I need your help getting it please.
Unable to use my American Express with Apple Pay to top up my account
Why are you asking so many questions about me?
What is the most that I can top-up to a card?
What is necessary for the identity verification?
Can I exchange currency for different types?
Are you aware of any charges for receiving money?
Please give me both a visa and a mastercard.
Editing my personal details
Why is there a payment I didn't do in my app?
Can I get a refund?
Will the system automatically top up itself?
Why did I not get the amount of money I requested?
Everytime I try to prove my identity it won't let me.
How long does it take to activate my card?
There seems to be an additional charge of £1 on my statement, what is the reason for this?
What kind of charges should I expect to exchange currencies?
I need you to delete my account now.
I just received my card and I'd like to activate it.
How old do my kids need to be to open an account?
I forgot the passcode on my app.
I made a mistake when sending a payment, sending it to the wrong account number (with a typo) - can you please cancel the transaction?
My top-up didn't go through; it still says pending. What's up with that?
Why is my last transfer pending?
Why did my card payment not work?
I am waiting for a payment to be processed
What businesses accept this card?
In regards to top-ups, can I do them via Google Pay?
How do I get my card?
I would like open a second card for my daughter, how can you assist me?
There are incorrect charges on my account, there was a WD that was made by someone else.  I still have my card though.
I want to delete my account. How do I do this?
I got charged a fee that shouldn't be there from my cash
How do I shut down my account and get out of this company?
Help me verify the card used on a top-up.
How can many disposable cards can I have per day?
Why do you keep declining my transfers? It's been working well so far, but when I just tried to buy something, the card got declined. I tried it a few times, but same thing happened every try.
Show me how to look at the source of my current funds?
I think someone may have cloned my card or something.  My card isn't lost but I just saw a charge of $500 cash withdraw.  Can you help me?
Bank transfer to account did not show up, please help?
Hi, I am disappointed to see such a bad exchange rate and hope you can assist me. Would you be able to confirm the official interbank exchange rate for me?
Where is the transfer to my account?
Apple pay is not accepting my American Express card, can you assist me with this problem?
can i use both visa and mastercard
My card payment didn't go through.
Will I be charged for a cash withdrawal?
What factors determine your exchange rate?
I must quickly transfer something from China, and I need to know how long it will take.
Tell me how to renew my new card?
I bought an item and the exchange rate was wrong.
Are physical card available?
Can you tell me the restrictions for the disposable cards?
The item i bought exchanged rate was incorrect.
Help! My account doesn't show any funds. Is transferring funds an option I can use?
I need my PIN, where is it?
The seller of the items I bought online the other day hasn't received the EU transfer yet. How long do these usually take?
Why am I not allowed to add a certain beneficiary?
My account balance doesn't reflect an update I made by cheque yesterday. Is something wrong or is the system slow?
I got a new address and need to change my old one.
I have been double charged
I've been waiting for 3 days, why is my withdrawal still pending?
Where did the  €1 fee in my statement come from
My phone is missing.
My card is about to expire. Do I have to go to a branch to order a new card?
How does it work when I transfer money into my account?
What can I do if my card still hasn't arrived after 2 weeks?
It seems you keep declining my transfers. Before, it's always worked very well.Just now when I tried to buy something the card was declined. I tried more than once and it was the same thing each time.
Please help me, its urgent. Someone has withdrawn money from my account as few hours before my wallet has been. Now i want to stop withdrawal of more money.
my card was frozen due to putting in the wrong pin too much.  how many tries do i have
I tried withdrawing money in another country and the exchange rate was wrong.
What is the purpose for verifying my identity?
Can I cash deposit to top up my account
i received my American Express in Apple pay, why is top up not working?
How long should it take for a transfer to go through? I have been waiting a while.
I already have a card and want to link it
What is the cost and time frame of getting a new card?
There is a cash withdrawal from an ATM listed but I don't remember making this withdrawal.
I just checked my statement and saw a $1 charge, why is it there?
Is there an auto top up option?
Do I pay a fee for SEPA transfers?
Can I use my account even though the identity verification has not passed yet?
What is the time frame for european transfers?
Card payment has be declined.
Why is the exchange rate different from what I expected?
Who can purchase a disposable virtual card?
How long does it actually take my card payment to make it to the account? I've made a payment a couple of days ago but it hasn't moved since.
I got charged fees for withdrawing cash!
why isn't my top-up going through?
I tried to withdraw 40 pounds but only 20 came out. Did you steal my money?
My card was not accepted in a shop
I've made more than one attempt to make a purchase and the card keeps getting declined. Why do you keep denying my transfers?
Can I add a card that I just found (again) to the app?
i would like to top up with check
The contactless payments are not working.
My card payment is showing up as pending for a very long time, what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
Is my PIN the same thing as my passcode?
I need to transfer something ASAP from China, how long will it take to post to my account?
Why am I being charged a hidden fee?
I have an incorrect charge and would like a refund.
Why hasn't my account updated to reflect my current balance?
I don't see the verification code for my card transfer.
Something's wrong my card won't work.
Using international ATMs messes up the exchange rate.
I topped up and went to buy something, but it says that my funds are pending. Is there a way to quicken this process?
I bought something and I take issue with the exchange rate applied.
How can I activate the new card i got?
I think something went wrong, I didn't get the right amount.
Do you offer any discounts for someone who exchanges currencies frequently?
Can I stop a transaction?
I lost my card, what do I do now?
I no longer want to transfer funds, can we cancel that transaction?
Why do you keep declining my transfers? it's always been working really well so far but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined, I tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening.
I may no longer need GBP, but instead I will need AUD, how can I go about making this change?
I need to top up, can I use google pay?
I have an outgoing transaction
This disposable virtual card is not working.
I think that my card has been stolen!
I managed to drunken block my card :(( Help!
How do you do exchanges?
My statement shows and extra 1$ that was charged to it and I would like to know why.
Do you receive SWIFT transfers?
I haven't gotten my credit card in the mail.
Will I receive all the money sent to my account by SEPA transfer?
I have been charged twice this week for a couple of things on my card. Can you please check this out for me and return the double charged items back?
Why do you guys need to verify my identity?
I tried to withdraw $100 but only got $20. What happened?
I have been charged to much for the object I bought when abroad, the exchange rate seems to be wrong.
I received an extra charge for using the card. Why?
What do I do if I lost my phone?
I am still waiting for verification.  Can I use my account before I am verified?
How can I change currency type?
My top up did not complete.
I can't find my refund. Please help.
I notice that I have a card payment that's been cancelled.
What fiat currencies can I use for holding and exchanging?
I noticed that the exchange rate applied to a recent purchase I made abroad was incorrect.
Where can I do a cash withdrawal?
Why has my top up been returned?
Help me!  I don't know what my password is.
I want to link to my card card with you, how?
I need to find the card I received in the app.
How much is ok for me to top up with?
Show me the source of my money.
Someone might have had access to my card.
Will it cost me to get a second card?
When I went to $100, all the machine would give me was $20.
What are your supported countries?
should i contact customer support if i can't edit details
Can I use visa or mastercard with your service
Where did my money go? I'm not able to withdraw it from my ATM.
If I lost my phone, what steps do I need to take to stop someone from using my account?
How long do I need to wait til my top up isn't pending?
Even though I made a cash deposit, I am not seeing it in my account.
Why am I charged an extra fee on my card?
How long will a transfer from the US take?
When did you send me my new card?
Change my pin?
Why was my card declined in a shop?
Would reinstalling the app solve the problem?
What does it mean if my payment is pending?
Can I track when my card will be delivered?
I'd like to order an additional card
Why isn't my pending transfer finished?
Where can I find top up by cash deposit?
I am having a huge problem with my card being declined and it's really important that I top-up today.  Would you please look into this further and let me know how I can get this fixed?
Can you tell me why I was declined from getting cash?
I must change my address.
Can I choose from either Visa or Mastercard?
I transferred some funds but I don't see it
Need help to get my card to work.
What ID do I need to verify my identity?
How do I request the PIN?
Can I have my card activated?
Will you please help me get my card back?
I don't recognise a Direct Debit payment
is a transfer to a beneficiary allowed?
I think there has been a mistake with my transfer
I withdraw money abroad but I didn't get the right amount.
I can't use the app.  My phone is lost at the hotel.
How can I open an account for my children?
I wasn't able to use my card today when I went out for lunch. Wondering why that is?
I have been charged twice for the same thing!
The app doesn't believe that I am myself
How long until the card arrives?
How do I get my card on the app?
What fees are there for adding money using an international card
How long does it take for a payment to change from pending?
I want to close my account now.
Hello, is there any way to double check my card? I have never had issues with withdraws in the past, but this morning on the way to work it was unexpectedly declined.
Where do I go to change my account details?
I used my card to get cash then I was charged a fee that I shouldn't have been charged.
What do I need to do to exchange my money?
I think that someone may be using my card, but I'm not sure,.
Why is top-up verified?
How do I input a new address?
I'm confused as to why my top-up did not go through.
I haven't received my PIN yet. Do I need to get it from you?
Is there a limit to the number of disposable cards I can have?
How long will it take for me to get my card?
I have a new card and I can't add money to it.  I tried about 30 minutes ago and it is still pending.  What do I do?
I need to cancel a purchase?
Why did it cost money to transfer funds?
Is the fee with my cash withdrawal a mistake?
Are you able to guide me to my card's location?
Is the top-up amount unlimited?
How do I edit my details?
Can you tell me the countries you provide support for.
I don't recognize this payment on my app, I am sure I didn't spend any money there.
What age do you have to be?
Do you have any options to top up with a cheque on my account?
why hasnt my card come in yet?
My refund is not here yet
I have transferred some money but the balance hasn't changed
I have checked my statements multiple times, but my refund that I requested a while back is not showing on my account. Is there a reason for this? Can I get some help getting my money back from this transaction?
I bought something with my card and I was charged a fee
Someone has a copy of my card. I have my card with me, but someone just made a 500£ cash withdrawal. Help me.
I need to change my address
I made a big purchase that I regretted and cancelled, the merchant said that my refund was submitted. Can you confirm to me that all of my money was truly returned to me?
I have a top-up that's still pending and wanted to know about it.
Why was the wrong rate applied when I bought something in a different currency?
Why was my transaction charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
Why couldn't I transfer to a beneficiairy?
My top up may have been reverted
I need more assistance with how to activate my card.
Recipient has not received the money
I want to delete my account.
I want to change my account details.
My card won't work right now.
How come I can't put money in my top up account?
How much is it to use my US debit or credit card to top up?
Why won't you let me name X as a beneficiary?
Which countries do you currently support?
Hi i received an error message informing me about the transaction failure. I have done the money transfer before and it never failed. Please let me know what is the issue this time.
I only made one transaction at this place, but it's appearing multiple times.
My card activation attempt failed.
The exchange rate is incorrect for something I bought
How can I change my PIN?  Help.
I think someone has hacked my card!
I have a strange transaction for £1 on my statement, what is that?
My card payment has had the status of pending forever. What is the issue? It should have gone through at some point.
I made a transfer and according to the receiver "they haven't received the right amount" Its lesser than it should be.Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . Can you please help me about this, what should be done ?
How do I make my PIN work again?
How long is the transfer?
My account says a withdrawal is pending - why can't I take cash out of the ATM?
beneficiary transfer problems?
After looking at the app I noticed a couple of payments I know I did not make. Is it possible someone has accessed my card? What is actually going on?
I'm in China and really need a new card.
what is this charge i didnt do it what can i do
Do top-ups have a limit?
I am looking to change my adress.
Can you give me a virtual card?
Why is my identity verification process not working?
Why is my withdrawal wrong? I took out $100 but only received $20.
Hello, there was an error while attempting top-up with my card this morning. I was able to use the card two days ago with no issues. Could you please assist?
I withdrew $100 but only received $20
Why am I being charged certain fees? I noticed a fee after I withdrew some money for groceries earlier today.
How can I change my name because I just got married?
How many top-ups can I use?
need to verify source of funds
What reasons would a topup fail?
How long do I have  to wait for my transaction to be completed?
Is it possible for me to change my PIN number?
I tried to use the ATM with foreign currency. The conversion rate applied was wrong.
What ATMs can I use my card at?
What's taking so long for this payment to go through?
I'm worried my card might be lost in the mail? How long does it usually take to arrive?
Where do my available funds come from?
I made a payment that is not yet complete.
Is there a  way to  get around fees
I transferred money but the balance did not update.
I need some help now please! There are some transactions on my account that I do not remember purchasing. Can they be reversed? Can you please cancel or freeze my card so I don't keep getting charged?!
there were two of the same charge to my account
I tried paying with my disposable virtual card earlier but it was rejected. What can I do to fix this?
Why is my transfer not working? I tried multiple times to transfer money, and all that happens is an error message pops up.
When will my transfer process?
Can I order a new card?  Mine is about to expire.
Can I pay with my card anywhere?
Where would I order a virtual card?
What will I need to configure if my salary is in GBP?
How long will it take to refund me
I would like to order a virtual card.
Cash withdrawal was incorrect at ATM.
I would like to transfer money into my account.
I think something went wrong with my exchange between Russian Ruble and UK pounds. I was overcharged during the swap.
The atm didn'y give me all the cash
I was overcharged a pound.
I used my card to make a payment and wondered why the payment was reverted?
Why wasn't my bank balance updated?
What is the amount of time transfers usually take from the UK? I had just completed a transfer and nothing seems to be showing up so I need to be sure things are alright.
I purchased something abroad, and the exchange rate that was applied was wrong.
Do you know the process how to activate my card?
I have enough money in my account, so why is my card being declined?
How many disposable virtual cards can you have?
What is the top-up limit on my cards?
why does it take so long to verify my id
While getting cash, I was charged a fee.
I require verification of my source of funds.
The card I thought was lost was just in my jacket, so can I reactivate it since I found it this morning?
There is a cash withdrawl I don't remember.
How many different cards can I have for my account?
I wanted to buy something online yesterday, but I could not because the card got declined on the day of and the following day. What is wrong with the card?
How long do European transfers take?
My currency rate is inaccurate.
What do I do to verify a top-up?
Help!  I forgot my password.
Is it ok for a friend to send me money?
I am not able to purchase anything online! I have been using my card on multiple sites over a period of two weeks and none of the payments have gone through. Why is this happening?
I think someone is using my card without my permission!
What are my payment options?
I've just got married and want to change my name.
How many years old do I have to be?
What is the purpose of requiring my identification?
Why does a cash withdrawal show as pending?
i used a check check yesterday to balance my account and it isn't showing up?
I believe my card has been compromised as there are funds showing that I did not receive.
I was unable to transfer to another account.
What is the fee to top-up my account
How do I go about unlocking a pin?
What ATMs can I use this card?
Someone might be using my card.  What should I do?
I am still waiting for the cash to be returned from a cheque I deposited!
I couldn't pay with card in a shop
How come my card payment has been declined?
The wrong exchange rate was applied to me while pulling out cash.
Do you accept US credit cards?
What do I do if I see a cash withdrawal on my account that I don't remember making?
The transfer to my account was not allowed.
I want to do a cash deposit to top up. How do I do this?
Hi, I tried to withdraw some money from an ATM and the machine was broken.  It says that the transaction is still in progress.  Can you double check to see what's happening? I don't want to be charged since I was not able to withdraw the money.
Can I order a second card?
Why are my transfers not going through.  I have tried over 4 times to get it to work.  This is just a simple transfer.  Is something else causing this in the system?  Is it broken?
Why would there be an extra charge on my app?
I would like to return my purchases
My card rejected a cash withdrawal. Why?
How long does it take to get a refund on something I bought?
I made a bank transfer and the balance hasn't updated yet.
phone is at a hotel, can i still use app
There's a cash withdrawal I didn't make
Can you please assist me in Apple Pay, in getting Top Up to work?
I haven't yet received money that I transferred
My card was stolen
What if my top up doesn't go through?
Is there a tracking number for the card you sent me?
Is my PIN recorded anywhere?
Why was my transfer charged a fee?
Help me verify my identify?
I get a "decline" message when doing a transfer
How long does it take transfers from Europe to complete?
Can my children have an account?
Which fiat currencies do you currently support? Will this change in this future?
Why isn't my cash deposit showing up in my account?
Can I reset the passcode?
Will you accept my credit card, it my only one.
Why was I charged extra on my app?
I have a question about ATM transactions. Can I take money out of an ATM when I'm traveling abroad? And, can I get the money in my home currancy?
It seems that the rate I got is incorrect.
I cannot try my PIN anymore.
Why is there a fee added to my statement?
My card stopped working after multiple transactions. Why?
I made a transfer for my rent payment about 2 days ago, but my landlord hasn't received it yet. It shows as done on my  side, and I've double check all account numbers and they are correct. Can you verify that the transaction was actually made?
I made a payment with my card that was cancelled?
I can't do the verification.
Is there a reason why top-up needs verifying?
Please send my refund now.
I am inquiring about your auto top up feature.
Is there a location where I can change my PIN?
Can I order a card please?
How do a reverse a duplicated charge?
I just moved overseas and I noticed that you are charging me more fees.  I am a loyal customer, is this how you expect to keep customers?
After I attempted a transfer, it failed.
Why was my PIN blocked?
phone is gone, what should i do
Is there an additional charge to exchange currencies?
I'm interested in what your exchange rates are based on.
When will you be taking orders for disposable virtual cards?
I want to see what this fee is on my card payment.
What do I do if I've been charged twice for the same transaction?
I CAN NOT FIND THE TOP-UP VERIFICATION CODE.
I've deposited a check in my account but the cash isn't showing as available.
What are the disposable virtual card limits?
I have a duplicate charge
How do I active this card?
I might have been charged on my debit statement by fraud.
While abroad I got cash, and a wrong exchange rate was applied.
|I moved out of my old house two weeks ago and cancelled my direct debit to my old landlord, this direct debit was working fine.  Now I've moved in to a new place and set up a transfer to a new landlord but it's not reached her yet, can you check it please?
I ordered my card a couple weeks ago and haven't received it yet. When can I expect it?
how many uses are the disposable cards good for?
Hi, I sent a payment to the wrong account number - can you cancel it as soon as possible?
Is there a charge for using transfers for top ups?
Where can I find Mastercard ATMs?
I need to know where do my funds come from
Can you tell me where to go to get a disposable virtual card?
What is the average pending time for a transaction?
How can I transfer money to this account from another bank?
What happens when I money transaction doesn't show up on the receiving side?
Card has been received, how will it show up on the app?
A refund for a recent return has not arrived on my card.
The exchange rate applied was incorrect when I was traveling outside the country.
Why isn't my balance updating?  I did a bank transfer and it isn't current.
I am on vacation in Spain and need to change my pin.
How long does it take for a cash withdrawal to show?
When will I see my cash, since I already deposited my check?
I got charged in double and want a refund
Can my daughter make an account?
My top-up hasn't gone through
I can't get my virtual card to work at all
How much would it cost me for a bank transfer to top up my account?
How long does a transfer take to reach one's account.
Why would my top up be reverted?
How can I request cash back? The ATM gave me the wrong amount that I've been charged though...
I'm still waiting on my new card to be delivered!
Can you explain your exchange rates basis?
Why can't I transfer my money into someone else's account? I should be able to do so right? Why does it keep rejecting my transfer? There's no reason, all my info is correct and the money is there.
What's the limit for auto top-up?
Can you help me retrieve my card?
How do I reverse a transaction on my account?
I received my salary in the wrong currency. How do I change this?
How can I look at where my available cash is coming from?
Is my daughter eligible to open an account?
What do I do if I think someone has used my card?
My account shows I made a debit payment to someone that I can't recall and would like to find out who the payment was made to.
what are your exchange rates at?
Is there any type of fee for currency exchange?
Will you guys do Visa or Mastercard?
I want to cancel my account.
Why is the exchange rate so high? This should have been a much higher amount of cash for that to apply.
Why is  my balance not updated?
How long do transfers typically take? Is there a way of speeding the process up? My friend needs the money I sent her desperately.
How can it be that my Card is not functioning anymore?
Why can't I withdraw cash?
What do I do if my card has been lost or stolen?
How long does it take for my payment to process?
What documents do I need to validate my identity?
Where are my funds? I topped off my car but it didn't seem to complete.
Can I change my pin at ATMs?  If so, what ones?
Why haven't I received a refund yet?
My actual card isn't functioning.
Why did I get charged more than once?
I need to cancel a transaction immediately.
I am just waiting on the completion of the transaction.
How long should I wait for top up go go through ?
Can I top up with Google Pay?
Is there a way to lookup where funds came from?
Why has my card payment been reversed?
When will my pending payment finish?
How can I tell if my card payment is reverted?
Unable to complete transfer, states 'declined'
How do I go about verifying my identity?
Help! I'm missing money, I deposited a cheque but its not showing on my balance.
Why was i charged for making a withdrawal? After i went grocery shopping i withdrew some money from my account and now there is another charge.
Why was I charged extra on my last UK pound to Russian ruble exchange?
My order hasn't shown up yet, what can I do?
I was charged extra or a hidden fee when I purchased something from you. What's the deal? I didn't authorize that charge.
Why is a payment I made reverted back to my account?
My card payment wasn't accepted.
Why do we need to verify a top-up card?
My wallet got stolen a couple hours ago and now I've seen there already is a withdrawal. Help this is absolutely urgent I don't want to loose more money
How do I make my card show up in the app?
Why was I double charged?
Can I transfer money using a different currency?
Show me where to order my card.
Will I be charged an extra fee if I need to exchange currency?
My transfer failed
Do you process SWIFT transfers?
Why is the fee for taking money out so high?  I feel I was overcharged and I would have never used this ATM if I would have known ahead of time.
What does it mean if my payment was reverted?
Are there any places that won't take my card?
I'd like to apply for a Visa Card.
How do I get my card back quickly from a bank machine that it?
I'm hoping you can answer my question about a pending transfer that I've had for a while now.  I know that all of the account details are correct, so why is it taking so long to go through?
I need to stop a transaction that I made.
Where is my credit card that was to be mailed?
Which flat currencies can I use from you?
What cards and currencies can I use?
what is the correct exchange rate for getting cash
Why is it important to verify my identity?
I need an accurate exchange rate, when I make my withdrawals.
What do I do to activate?
I've been trying to do a transfer multiple times and have failed? Is the system down?
something is wrong with my exchange rate charge
Why do I see extra charges for withdrawing my money?
I want to reverse a transaction I did this morning
Will you accept my credit card?
Why wasn't my contactless accepted at the metro?
What ATMs use this card?
Is it possible to top up with Google Pay?
What do I need to do in order to use my card I just got?
How do I go through the identity checks?
What documents do I need for the identity check?
What fees are charged when I top up
I tried to make a transfer like five different times. Why won't your system let me? Is it broke?
Can you explain to me the way to verify my top up has gone through?
Please inform me how to get a new card as mine is about to expire.
There is not a refund in my statement.
I do not know what this cash withdrawal is
Duplicate transactions appear on my account
I need to move money from another bank to this account.
How long will a cash withdrawal be pending?
What do you require for identity verification?
I need more money in my account. Can I add more by transferring?
Do I have to pay more for exchanges?
Where do I go to activate my card?
The app doesn't believe its me.
I need to add a serious amount of cash to my card, how do I do that?
Can I tell what business will take this card?
Does google play offer the service to Top up?
I did not make this payment that I see in the App.
Can I get money out of any machine?
Why verify the top-ups?
My money is gone. I had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
I made a transaction this morning but I need to revert it now.
Can I get a new card in China?
This is terrible, i want to delete my account
What do I do if my disposable virtual card doesn't work?
Is there a problem with your system being down or something? I have already tried 5 times to issue a standard transfer but I'm getting nowhere.
Do you have a list of cards and currencies you support?
I goofed up and used the wrong account.  Please help.
I had a payment reverted and would like to figure out why.
Why is my identification required?
Who do I contact if there is a direct debit that I did not create.
My exchange rate isn't correct.
card is being used by someone else
I have an unusual payment in my statement
After taking over my card transactions I noticed that was charged twice for a restaurant purchased from earlier this week. Can you please remove one of these transactions from my account since it is not accurate?
How can I unblock my PIN?
I transferred some money but it is not here yet
How much is it to buy another card? I was hoping to buy another one.
The date my card expires is coming up
Can you tell me why my card is not working? I keep trying to use it but it keeps rejecting my payment. I am being careful and entering the info correctly but it still happens.
Can you please explain to me why there is an extra €1 fee in my statement?
I purchased something abroad but the exchange rate is incorrect.
How long does my top up pending last?
I received $20 but I entered $100
Unbeknownst to me, there was an additional charge on my prior transaction. A notification of sorts should be required and explained before future payments are made.
I do not understand what this particular direct debit is ?
Which countries does your service work in?
Two days ago I did a transfer to another account within the country.  It doesn't appear the transfer went through.  I have verified the account number several times.  Could you please check on this for me?
How long does a European transfer take?
Transfers from the US how long will the wait be?
My transfer has been pending for a long time now. I already double checked my account info and it is correct. Why is it taking so long in 2018 to transfer money?
Is there a few for exchanging foreign currencies?
I tried doing an in country transfer earlier this week. I thought it would be there by now but I still don't see the money. Can you check the status on my transfer?
There's a cash withdrawal that  didn't make that is showing up.
How can I get my card to work?
I am confused about your fee structure and was disappointed to see a fee for my transfer.
I am required to make several disposable cards every day.
What are the steps for  making a transfer for topping up?
How are foreign exchange rates determined?
The rate of exchange for my cash withdrawal is wrong.
I don't recognize this withdrawal on my statement
Can I pick a new PIN?
I would like to use cash to make a top-up?
If my card was lost or stolen can I re-link it?
I have young kids. Can they use this service?
The ATM keeps declining my Transaction . I tried two different ATMs already Would you please check if everything is okay with my account?
How do I get a disposable virtual card as well?
I attempted to enter my pin to many times.
Can I transfer my salary if its in GBP?
Can I use a Visa or Mastercard?
Visa or Mastercard?
Can I deposit money using Apple Pay?
How long should it take for my new card to arrive in them mail? What should I do if I never receive it?
I have been trying to make a transfer and it won't go through. I have checked all the receipts and its all correct but still won't let me do it.
My account transfer was blocked.
Is the PIN sent in another message?
Why was I charged for withdrawing cash?
Is there an alternative to a physical card?
Is it possible to cancel a transaction?
It appears as though my card payment was duplicated. I paid at the store earlier today. The first time it was declined and the second time it worked. The app is still showing one of the payments to be pending. Please take one of these off because clearly the first was declined and is not correct.
I have just read my statement and there is a payment I don't recognise.
What is delivery speed to the United States?
Where can I go to find out how to verify my identity?
Where is my new card if I haven't received it yet?
Do I need to verify my top-up card?
The applied exchange rate is wrong for the cash I got abroad.
I would like to reactivate a card and wondered if that could be done?
Is there a problem with the top up system? My transaction hasn't gone through properly
Can I use this card at any ATM?
My card was refused
I will be traveling and want money to be added automatically in certain intervals. Is this possible?
What's the web address to unblock my pin?
I can't see my top up in my wallet!
I might be paranoid, but someone may be using my card.
How can I find out where the funds are flow?
For what reason did my top-up get cancelled?
Why was my top up reverted?
Can I set the account to auto top-up?
I have received my statement but I do not see my refund, why is that?
I am waiting on the refund
Can I have a supplementary card?
Why was I charged for getting cash?
What should I do if I think there are unauthorized transactions?
You have declined my  payment.
i transfered and yet it is still pending
How do I cancel a recent transfer?
Are top-ups unlimited?
Tell me why my transfer was declined.
Can I get an item refunded?
What should I do if I think someone stole my details and used my information to make some transactions?
can i go into my app to find my pin
Why was I charged a random fee for a transfer I made?
Why have I been charged a small fee to use my card?
I need to know what flat currencies you support for holding and exchange.
I made a purchase recently but I have decided that I'm not buying it and I need to receive my money back. Can you please give me a refund ASAP. It's extremely urgent.
Where does the exchange rate stand right now?
In my app, a direct debit payment that I didn't do shows up.
Hi, I am facing issue with my card payment while shopping online as payment is getting reverted. I am struggling with this issue around two weeks. Please advise.
I would like a card please.
I'm upset because I got charged a ridiculous fee when making an ATM withdrawal over a holiday weekend.  It didn't notify me beforehand either or I wouldn't have ever done it.
We want to start a college fund for my daughter.
My card payment was cancelled it seems.
My marital status has change, I got to correct my name to reflect that.
Why can't I topup my account?
What is the pending payment on my card about?
I was told to verify my identity, how do I do that?
There is a withdrawal on my account that I don't remember initiating.
Will it take more than 3 days for my transfer to reach my account?
What are these fees i am paying?
My payment was stopped
I'd like to use my American Express to place money into my account.
My card is not able to be activated how do I get it to work?
I paid with my card and I was charged a fee
I would like to know where my source of funds came from.
I am having trouble withdrawing cash.
What do I do to get ahold of my own card?
why are all my identity details required
I tried to get cash out of the ATM but it is taking too long
I need to cancel my card.  There are a few charges from a couple days ago that I didn't make.  Can I get credit for these charges?
How long does a payment show as pending before i should worry about it?
I need a new PIN number.
I see my transfer was declined.
I just got my card.  It's not linked yet--how do I do that?
Are there any charges for top ups?
How do I change my currency to another?
I tried activating my card and it doesn't work how do I solve this problem?
What is your policy on withdrawing cash from an ATM? There is a fee on my account that wasn't there before I paid for my groceries.
What other credit cards can I use?
I don't want to use this method to identify myself.
I don't appreciate the extra fees being siphoned from my account. I was helping some friends move to Japan and we were buying home decorations at the local stores. The  receipts differed greatly from what showed up in my bank account and my statement. When can I expect the extra fees to be back in my account?
I'm having trouble with proving my identity.
I was only given $20 when I tried to get $100
I tried to pay through my account but the payment is not going through. What's going on?
How long is the wait for a money transfer to post?
Where can I find the verification code for a top-up?
How do I get my virtual card?
Is topping up with cash allowed?
My card payment was not successful.
I mistook my pin and now I am locked.  Can you unlock me?
Is there a reason my refund isn't showing on my statement?
Where can I find the verification code for the top up card?
If I want to send out more cards, do you charge extra for that?
My salary is received in the form of GBP. Is it necessary to configure this? If so, where is this done?
What should I do if someone else used my card?
I don't think that my top-up worked.
What exchange rate will I receive?
What is the cost for currency exchanges?
I am not able to verify my id. Why?
Where is my virtual card?
The currency exchange for my purchase in foreign currency is incorrect.
For what reason is my transfer still pending now?
Please tell me how to verify my top up card.
Are there charges for cash withdrawals?
Does it matter which card I use
Help me.  My phone has been lost or stolen!
Do I have to go to an actual bank to change my PIN?
Did you lose my money? I had added funds through top-up not long ago and I know they were in my account, but they seem to have disappeared. What happened?
Can I tell if my top off didn't work?  It doesn't seem to have.
Where do I pay with my card?
I bought something and already paid for it but now I don't see it.
What is the charge for exchanging currency?
There is a pending 1£ charge on my statement.  I haven't purchased anything for 1£.  Why is it on my statement?
Do all ATMs accept this card?
I'm on vacation in Europe but I desperately need to change my PIN. Can I do this from abroad?
Where do I find PIN for my card?
Should I order a new card before I freeze my original one?
Seems like my top-up has not gone through
How long will my transfer stay pending?
Do you have any top-up limits?
I cannot find my phone, what should I do?
I dont see my reciept
How will I know what the exchange rate is?
I was supposed to get a refund but it is not showing up on my card
If I need an additional card, is there a fee for that?
Is a new debit card free?
Can I see where my money is being transferred from?
There is an extra $1 charge on my statement, why is that?
My salary is in GBP. Do I need to configure this somewhere?
Why have I not received a virtual card yet?
How long does it take to show a deposit I made to my balance?
If I exchange currency frequently, can I get a discounted rate?
My card payment didn't work
There is some odd 1£ charge that appears as pending on my statement. What's that about? Pretty sure I haven't purchased anything for a pound there.
How do I change my passcode?
Do physical cards cost money?
Is there a way for me to check my balance?
I need to cancel a transfer I made.
Hello, I have noticed a problem on my recent withdrawal at the banks atm machine.  I made a transaction and upon receiving my funds from the machine, a fee was assessed to my withdrawal.  Are these types of transactions free of charge?
I have never been charged a card payment fee before. Why did this change?
I just saw the exchange rate you use, but it's so bad that I can't believe that it's the official interbank exchange rate! Is this truly the official interbank exchange rate?
My credit card got declined for top up! What's going on? Can you check on why it didn't go through?
Why hasn't my balance been updated? I've deposited a few cheques some days ago!
I can't find the virtual card
I would like to cancel my purchase.
What is the extra fee on my statement?
I'm waiting for a money transfer to show, still.
If my funds are running low, will the app top up automatically?
Why would my payment for my card show as pending?
How do I know if i need a disposable card?
The app has rejected my top up.
How do I order a replacement for stolen card?
Can I get a Visa or Mastercard?
How do I get to the virtual cards?
I need to update my demographics.
Can you tell me whats going on with my card it seems to be not working?
Why hasn't the money transfer arrived yet?
I updated by balance with a cheque yesterday but it isn't showing on my account. Did something go wrong?
I have a transaction showing up multiple times.
I need immediate assistance in canceling a transfer which was a mistake. Please help me quickly so this does not go through.
what documentation do I need for the identity check?
What do I do to exchange currency?
Why did the ATM take my card and keep it?
What does the €1 fee mean?
I thought transfers were free of charge.  I bought something abroad and got charged a ridiculous fee. How do I get this problem fixed.
Help me order a new card that's going to be expired soon.
How come a fee was charged when I tranferred money
how long will my cash withdrawal be pending for?
Can I get an update on my replacement card?
Hi, can you tell me why my transfer keeps being rejected? I've been trying to send money to my friends this morning but failed every time and I have no idea why?
Can someone assist me with explaining how I can unblock my pin?
I tempted to get some money out of the machine earlier and it did not work.Looking now, the transaction actually shows to still be in progress. I would certainly appreciate someone look into this and let me know what's going on. I definitely do not want to be charged for money I never received.
You will hear back from us about your verification results in 10 minutes to a one hour timeframe.  If these verification results do fail, please double-check to make sure your images are clear and have no glare or blur; your photos need to be fully readable.  You need to be 18 years of age or older and a resident of Switzerland or the European Economic Area to create an account.
I need my virtual card
Hello there, I tried using crypto top up today but it's not working for me, might it be due to the kind of bank I'm using or the country that I'm from?Money is also missing from my account
Do you have a list of the cards and currencies supported?
There are a couple payments with my card displayed in the app which I didn't make. What is happening? Maybe someone has access to my card.
I'm having issues with my card. You guys keep declining it for some reason. I haven't had any issues up until this point. What is going on? I've tried a handful of times with the same, unfortunate, result!
It's been a couple days how much longer do I have to wait for my transfer?
Is something wrong with my account, my balance didn't change after I transferred some money
Hi, I made a transfer yesterday that I need to reverse.  I need to put the money in a different account.
can i create my own pin right away
Is there a reason my new card hasn't arrived?
Please tell me if I'm going to be charged for sending out more cards?
How long am I to wait before the transfer gets to my account?
hey, I think someone stole my card numbers. There is a purchase showing up on my app from a store pretty far away from me.. I really need that money back to pay my rent.
I can't enter my passcode.
Is there a way to use a cheque to top up my account?
Money was taken out without my consent,
Please help me!  My physical card isn't working right.
I am missing my refund.
What caused my cash withdrawal to be declined?
I asked for cash but I did not receive all the funds
how do you get exchange rates
My new card has arrived, what's the activation procedure?
passcode retrieval
When I'm traveling is it possible to add money automatically at certain time points?
This fee shouldn't be there after I paid with a card.
Please explain to me the process of getting a virtual card.
Why was I not allowed to do a transfer to a beneficiary?
How many payments can I make using a virtual card?
What do i do if the exchange rate was wrong for the item i bought overseas?
I only have one other credit card from the US. Do you accept that?
I want to close my account due to poor customer service.
When I made a cash transfer abroad the wrong exchange rate was applied
Why is it failing to top-up?
Yikes!  I didn't get the amount of money that I requested.  What do I do now?
How long does it take for money to reach my account?
auto-top up option can be found where?
Salary in GBP has been received. Does it need to be configured into another place?
How much transactions do I get with a disposable card?
I'm still waiting on my identity verification.
What are the benefits of a disposable card?
Is topping up free?
Looks like my top-up has been cancelled
Hae there, I have a transaction that is in progress despite the fact that the ATM was not working, what do I do to avoid being charged?
I've been using my account while abroad for a while but only recently I've been charged a fee. Why am I only being charged a fee now.
Why was my card charged when topping off my balance but it's not showing up in my wallet balance?
Show me how to activate my card
Can i set up an auto top-up?
Why am I being charged for getting cash?
I need a card reactivation, I had reported my card lost but I ran across it in my jacket.
I think my phone was stolen. What can I do?
I hope to get a Visa card
I am trying to exchange AUD for GBP, how do I do that?
Can I receive my salary with this in another currency?
How long will it take to receive a virtual card?
Which fiat currencies are supported?
I cannot withdraw money from the ATM
I tried to used my card in a shop and the transaction was declined.
How do I find out where my funds came from?
My card is expiring so how fast can I get a new one and how much will it be?
I lost my card. Can you help me?
Why is there a payment I didn't do?
Says that my top-up is incomplete?
I would like to get an account for my child.
To receive money are there charges?
How is my card payment still pending?
I forgot my phone at the hotel, so I can't access the app.
When I withdrew my money, why was there an extra charge?
How many currencies can I have?
How long until the transfer is reflected on my account balance?
My card payment has failed.
How will I know when I can use the auto top-up feature?
Why is there a charge when I took out money?
My app is displaying a payment I didn't make
Hello, I noticed there is a payment from my card to a business that I am not familiar with. I definitely did not make this payment.
I forgot my passcode. Now what?
Using Google Pay, can I top up?
I seem to have been charged to much for my holiday purchases, the exchange rate is wrong.
Why hasn't my transfer gone through
I just noticed that I supposedly made a payment to a seller a while back. The problem is, I don't recognize the seller. There must be a way to see who it is or track the payment. Can you do that, because I don't remember this transaction?
I've completely forgot the code to get into the app.
Can i use this card at any store?
Do I have to top up in euros if I use a card, or can I use a different currency?
Still waiting for transfer to be completed.
I want to cancel my purchase
Do you have a list of businesses that accept this card?
how does my statement get updated so i know when a refund will reflect on my balance
What should I do if I have used all of my PIN tries?
I have a contactless that's broken.
Are there any fees associated with receiving money?
are there any exchange fees
What top up charges are there for US cards?
I wanted to know about a pending dollar that is on my statement.
When I received my cash, the exchange rate was wrong.
why was a extra fee added to my account for transfer ?
After putting in the wrong PIN too many times, I was blocked. Can you assist me in changing it?
I used my card top-up but all of the money is missing.
I wrote a check to the account yesterday to add to my balance, but I don't see the amount of the check reflected anywhere.  Is it being held up for some reason?  I should have seen a new balance by now!
can you tell me why my card was declined?
There are charges on my card from the past few day I am pretty sure I didnt make, can you please freeze it for me? How do I get my money returned since it wasnt me?
How long will the $1 charge show as pending?
Apparently, I went out today to use my new card and was informed my payment was decline. This is really embarrassing, what happen?
i noticed that the funds were returned to my bank account. What happened?
What do I do after the ATM takes my card.
How do I start an exchange between GBP and AUD?
Hi, I had an issue with my card payment and It shows on my account that my payment went through. Then I got contacted from the seller saying "they did not receive my payment" then the payment was returned to my account. so I would like to see why it did that please.
Why do I need to verify a top-up?
Help!  In the app there is a direct debit that I don't remember.
Can I be charged for exchanging foreign currency?
What limits are there on the virtual cards?
I need you to delete my account right now.
The card PIN is not visible anywhere?
I'm trying to move money from my account to elsewhere, but it's giving me an error message.
Can my friend send me money?
Where do I go to reset my passcode?
I don't know my password anymore.
How can i get a refund for something i just bought?
The ATM would not give me cash,why?
Can you show me where to link the new card?
How do I link the new card that I just got from you guys?
I can't find the PIN.
Will I be charged a fee for topping up using a European card?
I keep being asked to verify my identity. Is this normal?
My card is showing a fee from when I used it, but I thought this card was supposed to be fee free?
Where is my cash deposit in my balance?
Why can't a beneficiary receive a money transfer from me?
I think the bank made a mistake on the exchange rates
Can my job deposit my wages directly into the account.
Is it possible for friends to top up my account?
There is a charge for an additional pound.
Can I transfer money to my card via bank-transfer?
Can I use my apple watch to top up?
Hi, In morning, i was trying to withdraw money from my card, but it got declined. So far it was working fine. Could you please check my card.
I just looked at my app and it seems I was charged extra, why is that?
I need to freeze my card. There are charges on there that i did not authorize. They've been coming out for a couple of days. Can i get this money back?
I'm panicking!  I lost my card!  Help!
Where can I find out how to transfer money into my account.
How can you assist me on topping up on bank transfers to my account?
What can I use to verify my identity?
Can I schedule future top ups?
What number of transactions can i do with one disposable card?
I have done a transfer within the country a couple days ago, but it's still not there yet. Can you please check what's going on with that, the account number definitely is the right one, I've checked that several times already.
My Netflix subscription says that there is an issue with my card information, but I thought everything was fine. Why would it be declined?
Why am I being asked to verify my identity?
How many active transactions can I make with a disposable card?
Is there a limit to how much I can top up?
What is the reason for the extra fee on my statement?
Hi, Today i have withdrawn cash from ATM but i got wrong amount and in the app it is showing much more amount than that.
pending transaction?
Why did my transfer get declined?
Where can I see where my funds came from?
My app statement shows I took out cash from an ATM but I did not. What can I do?
How long does transfer from the US take?
I no longer want to keep this account.
Why did my exchange rate change?
Looking at my account I've noticed a charge that appears to still be in progress. I had attempted to get money out of the machine earlier but the machine seemed to have been broken. I never received my money so will you please look into this for me? I don't want to be charged for money I never actually received.
Can you please explain why my beneficiary is not allowed?
Why is my transfer not showing
The ATM shows a withdraw of the amount of money I requested but I didn't revieve that amount in cash.
I have been trying to make transfers to another account but I keep getting a declined notice. I have checked all of my information more than once and my information is accurate.
How can I edit my personal details in the app?
I tried transferring to an account but it didn't go through. What happened?
My card payment has not been withdrawn from my account
What fiat currencies are supported?
Why are you not accepting my transfer!! I've tried a couple times already now and it just keeps showing an error message
Help!  There is a cash withdrawl on the account that I didn't make!
Seems like my top-up has been cancelled
The app reverted after I topped-up
Hello. I have a transaction in my account listed as pending. I tried to use an ATM at the city centre, but the machine declined my card, and I did not receive the money. Why is the transaction still pending if I did not receive the money.
What may be the reason that my transfer did not go through?
How long do I have to wait for my bank transfer to appear in my account?
The card that I have isn't working. This is the physical card.
am i able to receive my salary this way?
Which documents do I need for this identity check?
I don't know what's wrong with my card, but it has not worked at multiple places today.
My disposable virtual card won't work.
When can I expect delivery?
What is the Top up rate charge for using a card in the US?
How do I make a currency exchange?
How do I check security settings using the app?
Why am I getting double charged for multiple transactions?
why is my top up failing
Now that I have my card, how do I connect it to the app?
Help me create several temp cards every day.
My statement shows a strange direct debit.
i disagree with a charge
I have a card payment which shows as pending
Why is my payment still pending?
$20 came out instead of $100
I tried to get some with-drawls but the machine didn't work. The transaction still seems in progress.Seems like  something is wrong,I don't want to be charged for Transaction i did not make.
I need to get my card quickly
My top-up hasn't happened yet.
I no longer have my phone, what should I do?
I transferred some money but it hasn't arrived yet
Am I allowed to get an account for my daughter?
Please show me how my friend can send me money.
There is a pending transaction on my account, what does this mean?
What is the minimum age required to open an account with your service?
My top-up was cancelled, could my bank be the problem?
What is going on with it saying my card payment was declined?
My Google pay top up isn't working.
I am being charged the wrong amount on my card.
My top-up has been reverted and I would like to know why.
How can you assist on verifying my identity?
How do I edit my personal details?
I think my pin has been compromised, what do I do?
Will my transfer be done soon?
On the card that is coming, what's the tracking info?
The exchange rate for my card payment doesn't seem right.
There are some card payments that I haven't done myself. What is going on with my card and does somebody else have access to my card?
I am not able to prove my identity
when does my balance update for a transfer
What is the current exchange fee?
Can you explain to me why a top-up would still be pending?
When I used one of the ATMs in the city centre today, I tried to take out some money, but for whatever reason, the machine declined my card. Just checked it out in my account and that amount is still showing as pending! Is there any way that you can cancel this transaction, because I did not receive any money whatsoever from the ATM
I am having problems with my contactless.
How do I cancel a purchase?
My payment has been declined!! What's going on, I thought everything was alright and working well?
why am I being charged a fee for transferring money ?
Is the verification number on the top up card
My app is showing a cash balance that I did not receive.
I'm trying to use a cheque to top up
How do I verify the top up?
I need another card for a member of my family. Is this possible? How soon can I get one?
There is a transaction showing in my app that I did not make as I have not used that card all day.  Please reimburse this amount to my account.
What do I do if I have exceeded all my PIN tries?
I have been trying unsuccessfully to top-up my card.  Is the system down or not working properly?
Do you accept Mastercard?
What do you need my identity details for?
My PIN can't access my card, can you help?.
There's a payment that isn't mine on my app
How do I go about transferring money into my bank account?
What is the charge for paying with my card?
I can't use top up on Google Pay.
Please help me with my card. As i have tried to use my card in two different ATMs but repeatedly it was declining by ATM.
Can i top up by card?
I am inquiring about a $1 charge on my statement.
What's going on? My card wont accept any transactions.
Is there a limit on auto top-up?
Are there any limit on the auto top-up?
I can't see all the refunds in my statement
MY transfer has still not appeared.
How can I choose between Visa and Mastercard?
My card isn't working at all, I need assistance. It's really frustrating.
When will I receive my card?
Is there an option to top up with a cheque?
I have duplicate charges for the same transaction
I requested money from the ATM and it didn't give me as much as I requested.
my money, where is it coming from?
I couldn't get the money I needed.
My card information seems to have been stolen! I don't know where these transactions came from and I've never even been to the city where they were made. I need my card blocked ASAP so this person can't keep using my card.
I don't have a way to prove my identity.
I made a transaction, but I made it to an account I didn't mean to make it to.
I'm checking the app and I see a payment that's not mine.
I entered a wrong PIN too many times. How can I fix this?
I want to get a new card before my current one expires, how much will it cost me and how long will it take to get here.
The amount of money I pushed at the atm machine did not come out of the machine.
My cash withdrawl has the wrong rate of exchange.
Is my account accessible even though my verification of my identity has not passed yet?
I sent a payment but it isn't showing up in the app
Please explain your exchange rate policy.
Where do I go to verify my identity?
Is it possible to give a second card from my account to my daughter?
am suspicious of my card's security
I guess exchange rate for my payment was not correct, as i charged extra on the last saturday.
Are there any express fees if i want my new card faster?
I am noticing that a refund of a large purchase still has not been credited to my account. I contacted the merchant a few days ago and he assured me that he would submit it right away. Is there a status update?
Why was my account assessed a fee?
I transferred some money but it hasn't arrived.
Why did I get charged for withdrawing cash?
I have a direct debit that I did not set up
Why is my physical card not working?
I do not understand why my pass-code is not working.
I've been waiting ages and my PIN hasn't gotten here.
I would like to request a card.
Can you help me figure out what is going on with a debit payment that is showing up on my account I am not sure is suppose to be there.
I didn't get the right amount of  cash because of the exchange rate.
Hi , I just came to know I made the wrong transaction  yesterday. Would  you please make it correct?I need it by tomorrow.
Would I get a Visa or Mastercard?
Can we skip verifying?
Why are you asking so many questions about who I am
how much do you charge to top up US cards?
Will I have to wait much longer for my new card to arrive?
How can I change my information?
make my account go away
I have been overcharged. I just changed over Russian Ruble to UK pounds and it was too much. It seems something was wrong with my exchange.
I made a cash withdrawal and it is still listed as a pending transaction.
The app says that I got cash in an ATM and I didn't
I finally got my card.  Now I want to link it.  Is that something you have to do or can I do that?
disposable virtual card can be ordered where?
I left my phone somewhere and can't use the app.
Why is the refund not on my statement?
I need to figure out who has access to my card there are some payments I didn't make that are showing on the app.  Could you please help?
What would I be charged in receiving a SEPA transfer?
what happened to the money after i put in the wrong info and it got declined
how come when i asked for 100 it only gave me 20.00 in the app
Where's the button to top up with a cheque?
Unknowingly to me the payment sent to seller has been redeposied back in my account. I do not know why it would take out the payment and then put it back in my account. Can you resolve this as soon as possible?
My identity can't be verified for some reason
What is the price for an additional card?
What to do if my card is about to expire?
I lost my phone, what should I do?
I tried to make a withdrawal from the ATM, but it was cancelled.
After a transfer, I see an extra fee.  Why?
My card hasn't arrived in the mail yet. I ordered it two weeks ago. What can I do?
Can I change my PIN without going to a bank branch?
what is the cost for exchanging currencies?
I need money put into this account from another one.
Why was my virtual card rejected?
can i get a virtual card online
My credit card was just denied for top up! Can you tell me why this happened and what's going on?
I noticed my transfer was declined.
I was just needing to know why my card got declined
How can I verify the top-up card?
My top-up was cancelled and I am writing to ask if I need to complete the 3D Secure authentication section before I submit it.
I can't remember my app code, can you reset it?
Help me figure out how to link the new card.
Are there any fees to get additional cards?
I recently bought something abroad but the exchange rate is incorrect. Why?
Last Saturday, I was charged extra for the exchange rate on my payment. Is something wrong?
How can my friend pay me?
How long does it actually take for a card payment to go through? There's one stuck since a couple days already that doesn't seem to move
I'm not sure if my pop-up went through.
is there a limit to top up
I need my card as quick as possible
Why is the transfer showing pending?
I'd like to get another card
How do i receive a physical card?
Is there a transaction limit on a disposable card?
My card got stuck in an ATM.
If the ATM only gave me 10 pounds instead of the 30 I requested, what do I do?
Can you send me a Mastercard, instead of a Visa?
Hi, i just topped up my phone and the money was deducted but it seems to have deducted the same amount again! please help!
At what age can my children use your service?
I would like to get a Visa card
What should I do about a direct debit that I did not set up?
Will there be a charge for sending out more cards?
It's been a week since you sent my card and I still don't have it.
Can you please tell me how long it takes for the transfer to be available.
I want to deposit funds, what payments are accepted?
Can I change my in at all ATM's?
Does it cost extra to exchange foreign currencies?
Can I keep using my card after it expires?
I can't seem to use my card. Can you help?
How many cards am I allowed?
My card payment won't work.
What fees to you have for top ups?
Why is there a fee on my money transfer?
How long will my transfer be pending for?
A transfer to my account was denied.
What are the steps to reset my passcode?
Will you charge me more if I top up with an international card?
I need a number of disposable cards everyday.
How do I get a spare card?
what is this extra charge with my purchase?
There are a couple payments with my card shown that I'm not responsible for. What is going on? Maybe someone has access to my account.
Why do you have an identity check?
can my husband open an account and transfer money
Where can I get my card PIN?
Am I charged if I make a top-up?
I was checking my statement and I think one of my card payments has reverted
There is a payment that I was charged two times for.
How much would it cost me if I transfer?
I'd like to open an account for my kids can I do that?
Hi, My card is getting declined during top-up. As it urgent, could you please resolve this issue, or guide me with other alternatives if any.
My wallet doesn't show my recent top up.
My bank app said that I got cash from an ATM, but that's a mistake.
Why won't the machine accept my card anymore?
I want to know where my money comes from.
I have a card that was deactivated can I reactivate it?
I noticed an extra pound charge?
I tried taking out 30 pounds from the ATM just now and it only gave me 10. Why would it do that? I need the 30 pounds now!
Please check the exchange rate for my payment last Saturday. I believe I have been overcharged.
Transfers can take up to one day to process before departing for the beneficiary accounts. Please confirm that you've entered your account details correctly. SEPA transfers can take up to two working days, while SWIFT transfers can take up to five working days.
I don't live in the UK. Can I still get a card?
Balance is not up to date.
The exchange rate for my electronic payment is incorrect.
Can I track the card that you sent me in the mail?
the transfer to an account wasn't allowed is there any other way for me to do it
Someone else made a Direct Debit transaction on my account
I tried to use my card today in the restaurant but it didn't work and just got declined. What's wrong?
How do I find the top-up verification code?
can I choose delivery times to suite me?
Do you offer a discount for those who perform frequent currency exchanges?
I took out money, and didn't get all of it.
Is there an issue with my card payment as it has not gone through.
How long will it take to urgently transfer something to China?
Can you tell me when the transfer will be completed?
How can I add money to my account from another account I have?
Who do I make a check out to if I want to top off my account?
Where can I update my pin number?
Hey i need help urgently. I just realised I sent my payment to the wrong account number, there is a typo! Please cancel it immediately, I can't do it anymore from the app
A direct debit payment I didn't do shows in my app
I believe I got a wrong exchange rate when I got cash.
Tell me if there is a limit to top-up.
Can you tell me what the problem with my card is? It was declined at a restaurant today.
How do I transfer money into my account?
I attempted to withdraw some money from an ATM this morning and received the wrong amount. Your app says I have enough money available in the account. Can someone tell me what's wrong?
why couldn't I use my card at a store?
The cheque I sent to you to have deposited a couple days ago has not cleared in my account yet. What is the issue?
What is the process for activating my new card?
I've got to have one of those virtual cards.
Why is my beneficiary not working?
I really need some help to understand why my transfer keeps failing. I'm trying to send money to a friend. Please help.
How do you top up with a cheque?
Are your cards supported in the EU?
I am having trouble to verify my identity
One of my card payments looks like it's stuck but I have made the payment days ago. How long until the payment will be applied to my account?
What is my source of funds?
Why was I charged a fee for my withdrawal?
My card payment has been on pending forever. What is the problem? It should have gone through at some time by now.
What is the verification code for my top up card?
What information do I need to gather in order to activate my card?
How can I find out about an extra fee on my statement?
Are there virtual cards
I think my card payment has been refunded
Dude I put money in the ATM last week but it ain't there! I need the money now figure this out!
Tell me what ATMs use this card.
Are there charges for using a bank card to top up
I can't log in with this passocde
Why was I charged extra using my card?
What forms of ID do you need for identity verification?
How long until I see a cash withdrawal?
How come I did not get a virtual card yet?
I completed a transfer within the UK two days ago, but it is still not showing received.  I have verified the account number is correct already.  Is there anything else I need to do or is there a problem?
Will the transfer show up in my account soon?
What do I need to see my source of money?
I need my card activated.
Why can I not do a  transfer
What are you exchange rates?
I noticed that there is a withdrawal in the app that is not mine.
how do i get top up with cash deposit
If I am not in the country and I need to change my PIN, how can this be done?
why was i charged a small amount
I want to activate the card.
I didn't know I was going to get charged to use my card.
I wish to top up using a cheque.
How do I see my source of funds?
I need assistance activating my card?
I purchased something abroad and the incorrect exchange rate was applied.
I can't seem to get my virtual card to work.
How do I know if I will get my card, or if it is lost?
Why can't I complete my transfer?
Just received a message that my transfer is not possible??  What is going on.  I have done this before with no issues.
Why can't my ID be verified?
I believe that a card payment I made was cancelled.
Hi, Yesterdays i was unable to do online shopping as it was getting declined. Today I am facing the same issue. Please help me in this respect.
There is a payment showing that I know I didn't make. I didn't use my card that day and I'm sure of it. Can you please cancel that transaction and return my money? Thankyou
I'm currently not in possession of my phone, is it still possible to go about things normally without access to the app?
can other people use the app to add money to my account
I did a transfer and was charged a fee that should not have been charged!
Please tell me how I verify my identity.
Is there anyway to use a cheque to top up?
If I exchange currencies frequently, is there a discount?
Has there been any activity on my card today?
Can I edit my personal details?
My cash withdrawal was declined.  Why?
I did not get the right exchange rate while getting my cash out.
What is the highest amount I can top-up?
I can't find my card! Can you help?
Please help revert my transaction from this morning.
Please help me cancel a transaction.
What do you charge for an exchange fee?
What can you tell me about the card PIN?
I want to change my PIN.
What is the strange cash withdrawal on my statement?
help me find where this money came from
Please could you give me a refund
I haven't used my card all day but there is a payment showing in the app. Please cancel it!
What's the time frame on EU transfers? I purchased something a couple of days ago but the seller hasn't received my payment.
Can I withdraw money in my hometown currency while on holiday without any additional fees?
Several items I have charged this week are appearing twice.  Please review my statement and remove any duplicate charges.
Are cards issued to people living in the US?
Someone stole my card!
Where do you mail physical cards?
How come I can't seem to verify my id?
What fiat money can I used in the exchange and holding?
My phone was stolen, what can I do?
Why is my card payment cancelled?
I want to add money automatically when I travel.
My cash deposit hasn't posted to my account.
I am very dissatisfied with the services that you are providing.  I want to cancel my account.
what is the word?
I attempted to get money in cash but it was refused!
I would like my money back for an item I purchased
I see I was charged extra when I used the card.  I am not sure why, please tell me why.
Please help me.  My disposable virtual card won't work right.
please delete account
Is there a disposable virtual card?
Need a new passcode.
Why does my top-up get cancelled?
I must verify the source of my funds
Is it possible to hold money in different currencies?
After I transferred money the balance remained the same.
The exchange rate for foreign ATM currency is wrong.
I want to close my account. The service you provide is unsatisfactory to me.
If I make a mistake can I cancel the transaction?
My transfer to a beneficiary was rejected.
My purchase used the wrong exchange rate
I am wondering about a transfer from a different country that doesn't show up yet?
Why was my cash withdrawal declined by the ATM?
Why i'm I being charged an extra pound
how much does a card cost and why do you charge me
Will I know which exchange rate I will get?
If US cards have a top up charge, what is it?
My account is  new  why can I  not top up
Can I link my card I previously received?
I didn't cancel my card payment.
I was told that withdrawing cash from the ATM is free, but I'm charged a fee. Why is this?
i put in money for vacation and its not showing. i need that money today, how long will it take
My PIN tries have run out. Now what?
I thought I can make transfers for free, this is not fair. I bought something online from abroad and there was some weird additional fee that I've never seen before?
How can I verify my top-up card?
I would like to know how to transfer money into my account.
What does a transfer cost?
I didn't get all the cash I asked for
I have been charged for one thing two times.
I see a direct debit transaction in my history that I did not set up.
I've deposited a check but the cash isn't showing that it's there yet.
Are there any discounts in exchanging currencies frequently?
Why did you charge a fee when I withdrew from an ATM?
I paid with my card and ended up being charged a fee.
I didn't get my card back from the ATM.
What is the maximum for auto top-up?
I made an online purchase and the order has not shown up. Give me my money back.
I'm in Austria right now, but I really need to change my PIN right now. Can I do this even though I'm in another country?
My account is blocked because I entered the wrong pin too many times.  Help me unblock.
I need my card frozen cause it was used without my consent to take money out. It was in an odd place.
Why was I charged a fee for transferring money
What cash stations take this card?
Do you support direct deposits from my employer?
is there a foreign currencies charge?
Why can't you allow my beneficiary?
Do you convert to Euro?
I want to add funds to my account. What payment methods are accepted?
I tired but an unable to activate my card.
I'd like to order another card
What happens after my card expires?
why has a transaction to a friend been delayed?
What is my identification used for?
I'm not sure how to complete the identity checks process.
There is a strange payment on my card.
There is a payment in my app that I did not make.  I have not used that card all day  Please reimburse my money.
phone is gone, dont want others to access account information
I believe my top up did not work.
Is it possible to change from USD to GBP with your App?
I need to refund my item, can you please help?
What's the problem? My card keeps getting declined for top up. I need to know what is going on.
Why has my payment been reversed?
In the exchange and holding, what fiat is allowed?
Can I change my PIN at a nearby ATM when in Spain? I think someone saw my PIN and I need to change it but am on vacation.
I need a disposable virtual card. Please tell me how to order one.
I removed cash from an ATM earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. How can this still be pending, I already received the cash?
Today I used my card at a restaurant and it was declined. Why?
The ATM didnt let me get cash
My card must have used my card as there are some transactions that I haven't done myself..
Is it possible for me to top up with cash?
I used an ATM and there was an extra charge.
Where can I deposit cash to top up?
How do I change to AUD from GBP?
i made a payment with my card and was charged a fee, why would you do that
I got cash abroad and the exchange rate applied is wrong
I messed up a transfer and need to reverse it.
What are the fees for using transfer to top off my account?
The money that I have transferred hasn't arrived yet.
What is your check-cashing policy?
I want to get few more physical cards
I've got charges on my account I did not authorize. Can I get this money back from the last couple of days that it's been coming out? I also need to freeze my card.
Where would I find top up by cash deposit?
Do you charge for sending more cards?
Do I have to go to the bank to change my PIN?
There is a payment made with my card that I don't recognize at all.
If my phone was stolen, do I need to do anything?
How does a US resident go about acquiring a new card?
The app isn't showing my transactions
How do I find the code needed in order to verify my top-up card?
The app says I got cash from an ATM but I didn't
Is there a charge for getting cash?
I've tried several times to make a payment and every time my card is declined? Could my card be locked? I don't know what to do.
How's the exchange rate looking right now?
How can I get cash back? The ATM just gave me the wrong amount that I've been actually charged though...
What do I have to do to prove my identity?
Why hasn't my card payment cleared yet?
I tried to get money out of the Notting Hill ATM earlier, but I wasn't able to get anything out. Is there a problem with my card? It's the first time I tried using it.
I purchased something while traveling, and the exchange rate applied was wrong.
I was trying to top up my account and it isn't working
When using my card I was charged a fee for doing so, why?
Do you support changing the currency I use?
How do I cancel a transfer?
I need a new card because the ATM took mine.
How do I add a new card?
If I exchange currencies on a frequent basis can I receive a discount?
How do I order a new card? The current one is about to expire.
What is the limit on Auto top?
Recently, a few weeks ago there was a transaction made on my account by some seller that I don't recognize. I am very certain that didn't happen  and will like for you to trace back to make sure.
what I need to verify my account
Tell me why my balance did not change when I tranferred cash.
I need two cards. Is this possible?
Do you issue cards for someone living in the US?
I don't recognize the direct debit payment on my account.
Is there any way to see my card in the app?
Is a physical card also available
A cash withdrawal has been done that I didn't do.
I am waiting for the money to enter my account. How long does it take?
Can i have a virtual card?
Tell me how to replace my expired card.
I live in the EU - can I get a card?
Hearing back from us regarding your important verification results may take 10 minutes to one hour time.  If verification results do fail, double-check to make sure all of your images are clear --  make sure your photos have no glare or blurring. Note: These photos need to be readable as well.  You also need to be 18 years of age or older.  You must be a resident of Switzerland or the European Economic Area to open a new account.
I cannot get my google pay to work.
Does it cost me anything to top up my account via bank transfer?
What will I need to verify my identity
I want to top up my account by a bank transfer, but will I be charged?
My bank card has expired, how can I get a new physical card?
How are exchange rates determined?
do I need to verify my identity before I can use my card?
Where is the cash deposit I made?
I tried to top up, but the funds show up as pending. I thought it was instant?
Can I purchase with cash or cheque?
I still haven't received my card in the mail
Is there an exchange rate?
Can you assist me in acquiring a virtual card?
Could you please help me figure out why the seller has not received their money after I sent it.
Please check to see if the band transfer I made a while ago from my UK account has safely arrived.
I am unable to transfer money. I believe it is not working because it states it was declined.
Is my card valid everywhere?
How do I set my physical card PIN?
Why was a payment cancelled on my account?
Why did the ATM give me less money than what I requested?
I think my card is broke?
If there isn't a lot of money left, will it automatically top-up money?
The app passcode has completely slipped my mind.
Is top-up possible with Apple Pay?
There was a direct debit transaction I have don't think should be there.
How can I convert currencies?
What are these disposable cards meant for?
Where can I get my currencies exchanged?
What is the length of a transaction completion?
It looks like my top-up was cancelled
When will a cash withdrawal show up?
Where do I go to terminate my account?
I lost my passcode.
I think something is wrong with your top up.  I've been waiting a little over an hour for this to go through, can you send it through for me?
I did not get the item I ordered.  How should I go about this?  Should I just cancel my order or my payment?  Please help me.
How do I know if my top up worked?
How many ATMs will take this card?
Is it possible to have more than one disposable card?
what documents do i need to verify who i am
Am I able to top up with Apple Pay?
How much do I have to pay if I want to transfer money?
When will the money show in my account?
with what can I verify my identity?
I keep trying to use my card to buy some things and you keep declining it. Why? I've tried multiple times to make it go through but it won't.
I recently made a transfer but I need to cancel it as soon as possible.  Please let me know when this happens.
There's an error in regards to the exchange rate for an item I bought.
Can it add money every so often automatically while I travel?
i have a pending top-up
Why has my payment been declined? I paid by card.
Can I receive payment in another currency?
I topped up my account but the app failed to process it.
I was declined when trying to withdrawal cash!
Can you send me more cards for my account?
Why is my beneficiary not allowed?
I checked my statement and am being charged one pound. Where did this charge come from?
Is it possible to cancel my transfer?
I have to make more then a few disposable cards per day.
I can't use the app because I got mugged yesterday and they took everything. I need some help.
Are there restrictions to transfers to certain accounts?
Why have I not gotten my new card?
My card was declined at a restaurant today and I don't know what the problem is.
I deposited a cheque, but the balance hasn't changed yet.
Please sort your top up! My top up has been pending for an hour already. Can you please make it go through as soon as possible. I really need the money.
My Bank is in Europe, how long will the transfer take?
A withdrawal is showing that I don't recognize
Am I able to get a refund for a purchase?
What is this card payment, I do not recognize it.
My card payment doesn't work.
Last week I put a cash deposit into my account and it is still isn't there.
I may need to exchange my USD for GBP, can your app do that?
I am unhappy with an item I bought. How do I get a refund?
Help me. My transfer was declined. How could this happen?
I've been waiting for a refund to show up and I don't see it on my statement yet.
i have been trying to top up my account with a check but it won't work
The card I thought I lost was in my jacket pocket this morning, so can I reactivate that?
My pin needs unblocking, unblock it please?
I just realized I made the wrong transaction  yesterday. Would  you please make it correct?I need it by tomorrow.
I checked my statement and saw a charge of one pound, where is this charge coming from?
I didn't make this payment!
Can I top off with a debit card?
I tried my PIN too many times
I wasn't charged the correct exchange rate for an item I purchased.
How much does top up fees cost?
Do you charge if I use a European bank card for top up?
Will you charge me for topping up with a European card?
Please list what fiat currencies are supported for both holding and exchanging.
I can't use my card because it is not working.
I am just waiting for the transaction to be completed.
I completed a payment with my card a while ago. It's still showing up as pending. What time frame does this normally take? It doesn't appear to have worked.
Where is the closest ATM I can use?
I tried to charge my card but it was declined. A couple days ago I was able to charge it and it was accepted. Is something wrong? Will you double check for me please?
An extra fee of €1 was in my statement
Was I charged more than I should of been for a currency exchange?
I did not receive the right amount of cash.
For a week now, I have tried to use my card and it is still not working.
Given a choice, I'd rather have Mastercard.
I was trying to purchase some crypto and the app won't allow me to do it. What's the deal with this? I really wanted to complete the exchange.
there is a debit i dont recognize
I did a money transaction and the recipient doesn't see it
Hi, I checked my transactions and saw that I was charged twice during a restaurant visit. I would like to get my money back.
Why do transfers get declined?
The ATM ate my card; how do I get a new one?
Please delete the duplicate payment that was made to my account. One payment is still pending and I do not want to pay twice.
How do I get a real card?
My money didnt go through after I transferred.
I have questions about how to transfer money to my account.
How much does currency exchange cost?
I want my card frozen right away. Money was taken out in an odd location I have never heard of.
What should I do if I see a withdrawal is pending?
Why wouldn't my contactless work for the metro?
Can you tell me why my card isn't letting me make purchases online? It's been 2 weeks I've been trying.
When will my cheque process?
Whats types of currency can I exchange?
I need to know if you will accept my credit card.
A false direct debit payment is showing in my app
How is the PIN delivered?
Please help me, as my topup amount has been reverted, i did it correctly. I think there is some defect in system.
Can my account have different types of currency in it.
Tell me why my transfer is declined.
Do yo charge a fee for exchanging foreign currencies?
i need help. I updated my balance with a check yesterday and Im not seeing it. Can you look at my account to see what went wrong?
I would like to link my card to my account.
My money is gone. I had topped up recently and saw it was there and went through, but now it's disappeared, what is happening?
I need a second card on this account for my daughter.
why did i get declined transfer
What are the top up fees for using an European bank card?
My phone is lost I don't want someone to use my account, what can I do?
i am not a premium customer but i want a virtual card, how do i get it
Why is the payment on my card still pending?
My card still hasn't been delivered
My purchases from this morning still have pending payments.
In what increments can I top-up my card?
European bank card for top up will come with any extra fees?
I see a payment on my statement for  a place I didn't make a purchase at.
What should I do if I lost my phone?
Can I order a new card to China?
What if I don't want to disclose all of my identity details?
why did my account decline a incoming transfer
What cards do you accept to top up my account?
My cash withdrawal shows pending, why?
I got cash and the exchange rate should have been different than it ended up being.
Someone withdrew money from my account, and it wasn't me.
It won't let me activate my card.
I am interested in giving a second card to my daughter, how can I make this happen?
My transfer hasn't arrived
how is it possible to add another card to account
I recently deposited a cheque and cannot find the cash from it.
Can you please tell me where my card is? I ordered it 2 weeks ago!
What are the steps to get my card back that was kept by the ATM?
How long before a bank transfer shows up in the account?
It kept my cash
How do I change my card PIN?
I can't get into the app with the passcode.
How do I change my address ?
Hi something is going on with the app.  I see some payments I didn't make?
What should I do if I can't prove my identity.
ATM apparently not working?  Couldn't access funds in my account?
I think I lost my phone.  Is there a way to prevent anyone from getting into my account on it?
i cant seem to activate card
What am I supposed to do if the funds haven't show up from a transfer completed this morning?
A transaction is showing more than once.
I had a duplicate card and bought something and it showed up twice. I canceled my card, how do I get my money back?
In which countries does your app work
Your card pin can be changed at any Visa or MasterCard ATM with Pin services, excluding countries such as Belgium, Luxembourg, Austria, Germany, Spain, and France.
Where do I go to add a new card?
What's the procedure with currency exchange?
Can I withdraw from any ATM?
There's a problem - I bought something about a week or two ago but just today the payment somehow came back into my account! I already received the item though, what's going on here?
What is your shipping policies for cards?
Where can I go to get my PIN unblocked?
How much would I be charged for a transfer?
Why did the ATM cancel my transaction
I'm being charged for using my card!
How do I know where my money comes from?
How long are deliveries to the US?
I would like to use one of my cards for a family member. Is that allowed?
They used the wrong rate when I made a purchase with foreign currency.
I was under the impression that you offer crypto top up; however,  it doesn't appear to be working. The money has now disappeared from my account so I need to know what the deal is?
Where did my money come from?
Am I able to stop a transfer?
Is there a problem with the payment that I see is still pending?
I noticed my card payment was cancelled, can you tell me why?
How long will it take for my top up to work? It's still pending
I can't find my card!  What should I do?
My card has not come in the mail yet.
Hi, I want to inquire about my balance. Some cash was deposited and it hasn't updated yet.
how long does it take to get my card i am in a rush
How do I activate my card so I can start using it?
Where do I get a disposable card
What do I do if I completed a money transfer but the recipient hasn't received it?
Is there a way to track the delivery of my card?
I found a direct debit I would like to dispute
There is a direct debit transaction on my statement that I think is not mine. How do I remove?
My account shows that I made a cash withdrawal but I cannot remember doing so!
Why was my new card declined?
How do I fix my card if it is broken?
When do I set up my card PIN?
Why didn't my transfer complete?
How does the exchange rate work on this app?
Can I change my pin at an atm?
How can I find the source for my available funds and money?
What do I do if my top-up has not gone through?
A receiver made me aware that they did not receive the full transfer that I made. The amount was showing to be a bit less. I now have to make a second transfer just to make up the difference. Can you reach out and let me know what's going on?
What are the cards and currencies that you support?
It's been a week since you issued me a card and I still didn't get it. Should I keep waiting?
My identity verification didn't work
My top-up is still pending
What ATMs accept my card?
what is this charge on my card?
How long do EU transfers take? I bought something online a couple of days ago , sent the money immediately online but the seller says it is still not there yet.
I just got my new card.  How can I activate it?
My money is gone. I had topped up recently and saw it was there, but now it's disappeared, what's going on?
Where can I pay with my card?
How do I link a new payment card?
Tell me why there is an extra charge when I used an ATM?
What should I expect to be charged on a SEPA transfer?
My top up says it is still pending
Can I choose between Visa and Mastercard?
I made a payment that's pending. Will it go through?
I can't find the top-up card verification code.
I could not get the top-up to go through
I want to use my account before identity verification
I was getting some cash out of the ATM but it cancelled on me without warning.
What kind of ATMs would this card be accepted at?
Why did my card payment get declined?
My card failed to work when I was shopping in a store
I need some money transferred ASAP, how long does the process take?
What is this witdrawal
I need quickly transfer something from China. About how long will it take?
I need to make several disposable cards per day.
What types of fiduciary currencies are supported for tenure and exchange?
Is it possible to get one of your cards in the European Union?
I can't get my Google Pay Top to work. Are there any issues on your end?
What is the charge for receiving a SEPA transfer?
I am having an issue with an in country transfer I did a few days ago. It has yet to appear in my account. I have checked to be sure that all account information is correct multiple times. What is taking the transfer so long?
Can you tell me where I can withdraw money?
I was charged a transfer fee, why is that?
Could you tell me why my cash withdrawal was declined?
Why do I need to verify my funds?
Where do I order additional cards?
Can I reset my PIN if it is blocked?
I requested a refund from a merchant but don't see the money in my account.  Are you able to check with the merchant or process the refund manually?
Why do you need so much id info from me?
I see a direct debit that I didn't authorize
Does it cost anything to top up?
As far as courtries go which ones are supported?
Am I going to be charged for receiving  money?
Can you check if my money has reached my account since it is not showing up yet?
I made a purchase and would like to get a refund for what I bought can you have the money put back in my account?
What are the currency exchange fees?
Which cards do you support for top up?
Why did I get less from the ATM?
What's the expected wait time to recieve my new card?
In my statement, there was an extra €1 fee
I have a transaction showing multiple times.
Hello, Just now i got to know withdrawal of money from of my account. As someone used my card to withdraw amount in any odd remote area. Since i have not been in that area, please freeze my card immediately.
What ATMs take this card?
Can I create my own top-up limit?
Why was a fee changed for my transfer?
My transfers keep on getting declined. My card was working fine up until now, however it has suddenly stopped working. Why is this?
Why did the ATM eat my card?
How will I get my card?
If you to to account, hit activate, and follow the instructions, you can activate it in just a few seconds.
No refund showing in my statement.
How can I prove the source of my funds?
What is the process for setting up and account for my child?
I don't recognize this debit transaction in my billing statement?
why is a transfer to beneficiary not possible?
this verifying the top up is annoying
Why does my payment appear as pending?
When can I use money sent to my account?
How do I terminate my account.
I need to be made aware when I am being charged an extra amount for payments please. I looked over the app earlier and noticed an additional feel related to one of the payments. I was not warned about this before.
A cash withdrawal that I didn't authorize is shown on my account - can you please cancel my card as soon as possible?
What is the rate for exchange fees?
Tell me where I can find the auto top up feature and a little bit about it please.
When will I get my new card?
Can you explain why my transfer was unsuccessful?
I logged in wrong and am blocked, how do I log in?
How do I to up by card?
I need another card
I am not satisfied with your service.  Close my account.
How do I go about cancelling a transaction?
Just received my replacement card, what steps do i need to take to activate it?
i need help, i lost my card
How much are the rates of exchange?
I am looking for my top-up verification code and cannot find it.
Why has my top up failed?
How do I exchange currencies with this
My ATM withdrawal is taking forever
my friend has not got the money I sent last week.
Hi, I'm trying to by some crypto and the app isn't allowing it. I really want to exchange this, what am I doing wrong?
I got a strange fee when I used the ATM.
is it ok if i use both visa and mastercard
Where did my extra fee for the transfer come from?
Can you please help me in canceling my order.
Some cash withdrawal that I didn't make showed up in the app.
What documents are required for proof of identity?
Even though I added money ey to the card, I couldn't use it
Where is the verification code display?
Is there a way I can check on the card on route to me?
What kinds of cards can I use to top up?
A percentage fee was charged to my withdrawal.
Hi, I am interested buying crypto currency but unable to purchase it through the application. I do want to do the exchange, Could you please let me know what is the problem?
When I tried to top up using my card, all of the money disappeared.
Why did I get charged one pound seemingly randomly?
I didn't make a payment at this business.
I refilled my account balance but got an error message.
My top-up was just cancelled.
I tried activation my card and it didn't employment
Can I go ahead and use my account even though my identify hasn't been verified yet?
What is the reason I couldn't do a transfer to a beneficiary?
My transfer was rejected
Do you support top ups?
I got mugged yesterday and they took everything. I can't use the app, so I need some help.
My money disappeared! Please help??
Why isn't my refund on my statement?
Why can't I take cash out of the ATM?
Cancel Transaction
do i need to wait to get my card before getting a pin
I want this fee reversed from my account.
How do I activate and link my new card?
Why can't I withdraw cash from this ATM?
I put my check in the bank, but I haven't gotten my cash yet?
I used this account a lot during the last month to manage my payments for my new place abroad. Seems that suddenly fees have increased? Shouldn't you instead reward your frequent customers instead of putting an additional fee suddenly?!
How many times can I use a virtual card?
What are the restrictions of the disposable cards?
I am having a problem proving who I am
How long do EU transfers actually take? I recently bought something online a few days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet.
I did not receive the correct amount for the exchange rate.
Can you please check my UK Account to make sure everything went alright?  I made the transfer a couple of hours ago.
When are cards shipped?
I want to deposit my check to top up my account
I tried to use my disposable virtual card to pay a subscription to the gym and it got rejected. Any ideas why?
The balance does not appear to have updated.
Can I request a card?
Do I have a say when it's delivered?
Help.  My card is broken.
Is there a way to reset my PIN?
Is topping up with Apple Pay possible?
I need a new card.
I feel as though I have been over charged for the exchange rate on my payment on last Saturday.
I made a card payment by my card but it failed. Please let me know when the payment will get completed as its still pending.
What happens if my card payment is cancelled?
Yesterday my phone was stolen from me :( What do i need to do about it?
I had a decline on my card. Why?
What does it mean if my top-up has not gone through?
How often can I top up my account?
A payment I didn't do shows in my app
Transferring money using credit card
Hi,  Is there any problem with app? As i am facing some issues with the exchange of crypto currency. I am extremely interested in buying.
What is the maximum times I can auto top-up?
My top-up funds aren't available yet.
How do I link my new card?
At what cash machines can I change my PIN?
Please tell me the types of currency I can hold.
I tried to top-up but it got denied.
I tried to withdraw cash, but got declined!
When did you start charging to make a withdrawal? How much is it now? I always thought it was free.
My transfer hasn't appeared yet
The machine gave me the wrong amount of cash.
What do I do if I forgot my PIN?
If my card payment isn't working what do I do?
There are charges on my card that I haven't purchased.
I NEED HELP WITH MY CARD!!!!! please. It keeps getting declined when I try to use it. I have tried a few times to use it and it keeps getting rejected. I have no idea why.
Can you please explain why the exchange rate for the item I bought is wrong?
I did all that was asked of me and I am rather frustrated. I don't understand why you just won't credit me my money back. I have contacted the seller and nothing has been done. It's been a week!
I tried topping off my account with a card, but the money is not in my account despite the charge going through
How is my ATM deposit not available yet?
I am still waiting for a refund
I have to make several disposable cards per day.
Can I use this app to exchange between dollars and pounds?
Will I receive a new card when mine expires?
Tell me your opinion on the exchange rate.
Hello, i just checked my statement and there seems to be a payment from my card that I have never seen before.
I have lost my phone or it has been stolen.
How can I transfer money into my account?
I really was trying to complete this exhange. I was trying to purchase some crypto but the app won't allow me to do it. Can you tell me what's going on here?
Is there a daily auto top-up limit?
How can I verify my top up?
Hi, I tried to top up my card today and it did not work. I have tried it in the past and it worked just fine but it won't do it anymore. Can you help me out?
It's requiring me to verify my identity?
What's my limit for topping up?
I want to use my card, how would I activate it?
I exchange my currency quite a bit.  Do I get an exchange price break?
Can I use a cheque to top up my account
Why is there a fee for getting cash?
Is it on purpose that my payment has been returned to my account?
Can I top-up any amount?
The rate applied to my purchase in a foreign currency was wrong.
The payment I made with my card is not showing up.
I am on vacation in Spain and think someone saw my pin when… Can I change it at a local ATM?
you got the exchange rate wrong for my cash withdrawal
I would like to dispute a direct debit transaction
I am in desperate need to transfer funds from another account that i have into this one, how do i do that?
are there any country restrictions?
Can I get a full list of instructions for identity checks?
My order needs to be canceled.
Where's my card PIN?
Can someone help me unblock my pin?
i don't see the top-up verification code anywhere
Please help me, there is a transaction in the incorrect account.
Why was I blocked from withdrawing from the ATM?
Hello.  I ran into a problem with a transfer this morning.  I was trying to send money to some friends but when I tried to send it, the transfer failed.  I don't know what is causing the transfer to be rejected.  Please let me know what is causing the problem.  Thanks.
Is there any way I can get more physical cards to use with my account?
How long do I have to wait for the transfer to be finalized?
I tried to do a transfer and it hasn't worked!
What type of card can I get?
Why isn't my cash deposit showing up in my account? I deposited it this morning.
Can you tell me where my readily available cash has come from?
I'm stuck here at your broken ATM and I don't know what to do next. Asked for 30 pounds, got 10. ATM said I got 30. Something very wrong here and I want my money now!
What does it mean if my payment has been reverted?
Why was I charged a fee when I withdrew money?
I would like to know what the restrictions are for the disposable cards.
why cant you just refund me instead of a merchant
My card is almost expired.  How fast will I get a new one and what is the cost?
What do I need to do to link my new card for my account?
Can I add to my account using a cheque?
I am unsuccessfully trying to make a transfer can you help?
Where do I pay with my debit or credit card?
I tried to buy something online yesterday but it kept saying declined. Tried again today but same thing happened. What's wrong?
Why is there an uknown charge showing on my account?
I have a transfer that was approved that I'm urgently waiting for. How long am I supposed to wait for it?
How many active cards can I have?
Why is my beneficiary not being allowed to get payment services?
Hey I am standing in front of an ATM here, it only gave me 10 pounds even though I wanted to withdraw 30! Seems like the app has 30 pounds, what do I do??
I need multiple cards per day, and they all have to be disposable.
I received the wrong amount of cash.
Why was I declined from getting cash?
What currencies and methods can i use to top up my account?
How can I investigate a missing refund?
Where is my refund? it appears to be missing.
My statement is showing an extra £1 charge and I am unsure why. Is there an explanation for this?
I want one of the virtual cards!
Why was money taken for a transfer?
A direct debit payment that I didn't authorise shows up in my app.
Will my other US credit card be accepted?
If I bought something I didn't like, can I get a refund?
What are the steps for depositing cash into my account?
Although I transferred some money, it has not as of yet, arrived.
Does it cost to top up my card?
If I want my son to have his own account is that possible?
where do I go to top up with cash?
Shopping on line I was declined when trying to buy something.
Is there a way to order a virtual card on the website?
How long does it take for money to transfer?  I sent some to a friend and it hasn't gone through yet.
I don't think I made this transaction on my statement
I'm not able to withdraw money from the ATM but I'm not sure why.
Was there a problem with topping up?
My phone was stolen, what should I do?
For what reason can I not transfer money to a beneficiary?
How do I track the card you sent me?
The ATM sucked my card in.
Are there any fiat currencies that you will not work with?
How come my money hasn't shown up yet?
Can you tell me why I was charged $1 for a transaction?
What are the countries you have offices in?
I think the exchange rate is wrong for my ATM withdrawal
Why is the identity check involved?
I found my card, how can I use it again?
How long do I wait for a transfer from the United States?
I got charged a service fee on my account. Can it be waived since I didn't know about it before?
maximum how many days get the courier?
Why is my refund not visible on my statement?
My top up has failed
I'm at the ATM right now and it only allowed me to withdraw 10 pounds instead of my requested 30. What's going on? How can I fix this?
Why hasn't my card arrived yet?
Why hasn't my transfer from Europe gone through?
My phone is missing or stolen.
Why can't I see a transfer to my account?
For the identity verification, what do you need?
Is it acceptable to use either Visa or Mastercard?
How do I verify my source of funds?
My payment is taking a long time to go through.
What is this fee showing up in my account for?
I see an unfamiliar payment on my statement.
How do I authenticate my top-up?
I've been to several different countries, can I exchange the cash with a discount for a large transaction?
Why am I being charged extra when I withdrew money?
What type of card will I receive?
How can I check for an unsupported merchant for my transfer request?
Why is there some cash that I did not deposit in my account?
Where can I verify my identity?
How would I top up with a cheque?
I haven't seen the cash yet from the cheque I deposited.
My foreign currency exchange has been applied incorrectly.
My card has an issue, the payment has been deferred.
How to activate Google Pay for top up?
I'm expecting a refund but it's no where to be seen
Did I do something incorrectly? Where is my top-up?
what currencies can i exchange between on your app?
Help me close my account.
Where can I get a physical card?
Are transfers not free? I didn't know I would be charged for transfers.
There is a direct debit payment that I did not make.
What should I do if I think someone is using my card without my permission?
How can I set up Google Pay on my device?
I would like to pay by cheque.
Do you support countries other than mine?
Can I apply for one of your cards if I live in the EU?
I was charged more than once for a card payment I made.
Money transfer help? How long?
So my top-up failed, could you tell me why?
I topped up recently and saw the money go through, but now it's just gone? What's going on
I need help making this transfer. I keep getting an error. I'm trying to purchase a flat but i need my mortgage payment to go through first. Can you help?
How can my friend give me money?
Any chance of getting the card outside the UK?
Can you show me how to verify the top-up card?
Why am I getting charged more for using my card?
Card activation is not working. What do i do?
Why can I not transfer money into my account?
I'm confused as to why my transfer is still listed as pending on the website.
Help! I think someone has made a cash withdrawal with my card!
What is the cost of a transfer?
If I have a credit card with you how I get set up to link to it?
I haven't received my pin
I can't use the app because I got mugged yesterday and they took everything. Please help.
Hi, I am new to this. Are there any additional fees or charges that I should be aware of? I was looking through the app and I thought I saw something in regards to fee-free allowances.
I think a fee was applied for paying with a card.
Im trying to top up my card but it's still pending and it's been an hour. Is there any way to make it go through faster? Do I not have enough?
When will a refund post to my account?
I was not given the amount of cash I withdrew
How can I go about getting a disposable virtual card?
A transaction I did to my friend hasn't arrived yet, why?
what are the locations i can withdraw money
I made a transfer but my balance hasn't been updated
My payment was declined
I sent payment with EU transfer and they still haven't received it. How long does it take?
I need assistance finding out why I am unable to top-up my card, it keeps getting refused.  It is extremely imperative I get this resolved quickly.
Can you tell me how many currencies I can hold?
What is the procedure for activating this card?
Does this program take SWIFT transfers?
Will I get charged for topping up with an international card?
Do I get a card to keep in my wallet?
My job requires me to do a lot of exchanging currency, and I was wondering about any possible discounts or lower prices.
Does the app allow for exchanges between currencies?
I bought something online and it says there was a fee to transfer money. Isn't that free?
I was double charged at a restaurant can you take the second charge off?
Transfers are supposed to be free.  I just got a fee tacked on  to something I bought abroad.  Not cool.  Figure out how to remove it.
I must have entered my PIN wrong.
Am I able to modify my account details?
I want to reactivate my card, I thought I had lost it but found it again in my jacket this morning.
Can I see my available money?
I did not get the cash that is showing up in my app.
I think I was charged double for something I bought - how long should I wait before reporting this?
Is it possible to link a new card?
What's wrong with my ID? I can't verify it.
My statement shows a 1£ purchase pending. I do not remember making this purchase, please let me know what this is about.
Can I add money to my card automatically during a trip?
What is needed for identity verification?
Will the card be a Mastercard or a Visa?
My transfer is still pending
I thought crypto top up with something you offered and it does not appear that it's working even though the money has disappeared out of my account. Can you tell me what's going on?
Some cash has been withdrawn but I didn't do it.
How long will a transfer from Europe take?
Can I setup top ups in advance?
How long does it take for my id to verify?
Are there businesses that don't accept this card?
Is there a way to track my card?
Please tell me what this direct debit in my statement is
The app is showing mt withdrawals that aren't  mine.
Is there a way to change my PIN without having to go to the bank?
I had to pay a pound more than I anticipated!
Where can i find my top-up verification code?
Why was I unable to finish this transfer?
My cards were stolen
If my card expires next month, will I need to order a new one?
I thought you guys offered free transfers. Why was I charged?
I think there was an error in your exchange rate.
How much can I top up on my card?
Where can I use my card to pay?
i'm not satisfied with the services and no longer want to be a customer
How do I get selected for a visa card?
How do I avoid a fee to use an ATM?
how do i get the card linked
why top up is not working even if I got my American Express in Apple Bay?
I just moved. How do I give you my new address?
Are their fee's for top ups?
I think there's a purchase at a store that I didn't go to.
I'm suddenly getting an error while attempting a transfer that it isn't possible. Why? I've done it before.
I've forgotten my passcode. Can I reset?
If someone in a different country sends me money, do I have to pay a fee?
I received the wrong amount of cash from the ATM. Can you help?
I can't see a top-up top-up verification code.
What's the best way to use a cheque to top up?
I was charged a fee when withdrawing cash, can you explain why?
can you assist me in activating my card?
Problems with my top up
Why is my refund missing in my statement?
A fee shouldn't apply to me if my card was stolen.
My top up is not working
how long should i expect to wait when i add money
I moved to a new city and need to change my address
what is this fee for transfering
I left my phone at the hotel I was staying at so I can't use the app!
Why is there now a charge for making cash withdrawals? I wanted some cash after I went to the grocery store, and there's a new fee!
How do I get a refund for an unauthorized direct debit payment?
What types of currencies do you accept?
I withdrew money and got a fee, please explain
I can't get google pay to work right.
Why wouldn't the ATM give me my money?
why hasn't my cash arrived yet from my cheque?!
What do I need to do to get a card?
Hello, I am buying a flat and need the inital payment for the mortgage to go through. It keeps showing up as error, what is going on? Can you please help me make this transfer?
Can you give me the restrictions of the disposable cards?
Is there a fee associated with using foreign exchange ATMs?
My balance doesn't include my latest transfer
I was informed that transfers were free. I noticed I have a fee but why?
I would like to receive a refund for something I bought.
This debit is not my transcation. How do I get my money out back?
I have a direct debit I didn't set up
Explain the activation method for this card
Why is my 'top up' not showing up in my wallet?
When are you going to transfer the money?
terminate my account please
I need help fixing my contactless. It's not working anywhere I go today.
My top is still pending.
Please let me know how to place an order for a virtual card
Is there a fee to order a physical card?
I have been overcharged.
Why has my top up been cancelled
There's a payment with my card that I definitely didn't do myself, never seen that name before.
There are transactions that I don't remember making, i think someone might have gotten my card details and is now using it.
I want to talk about an order that I placed a long time ago and have yet to receive. I demand a refund due to lack of delivery of the product!  I refuse to pay for something I never got.
Hi! What documents can I use to verify my identity?
My card got blocked, how do I reset?
Do I need to use a limit on top-ups?
I have one other credit card from the US. Do you take that?
where can i have a virtual card
Help, the ATM didn't give me all the money I requested
I have been travelling overseas and I need to change my PIN. Can you tell me how this is done?
I cant get money out of the ATM with my card.  I just put my card in the ATM but it will not allow me to take any money out.  What do I need to do to fix this?
How can I transfer some money into a foreign account?
Why was I charged a fee on a cash withdrawal?
Is there a limit to how much I can top-up?
Would you be able to offer me a discount, since I need to exchange currencies frequently?
what to do about stolen phone
How do I get a virtual card on my device?
The ATM I'm standing in front of only gave me 10 pounds rather than the 30 pounds I wanted. The app shows I took out 30 pounds also. What do I need to do to fix this?
what is going on with my cash withdrawal? the exchange rate is wrong
There is a single payment on my card which shows as pending.
What countries are you issuing cards for?
I don't understand why I was charged extra for withdrawing money?
My attempted transfer keeps kicking back with an error message.  Could you please help me to resolve this?
How long will it take for my transfer to arrive?
Where are you getting your exchange rates from?
Can you tell me what currencies I can use to add money?
I'm looking at my statement, and my refund is not on there.
What's a verification code?
How can I top up with Google play?
What documentation is needed for the identity check?
How do I access the option to top up?
The exchange rate was different when I got cash
Can I have it delivered on a specific date?
Do you take SWIFT transfers?
How many different currencies can I have my money in?
Why do I see a random withdrawal in my app?
Top up did not work on the app.
How long do transfers to international banks take? I made one to france a couple of days ago, but it's still not there.
Can I set automatic top ups?
Why is my cash withdrawal still pending?
The refund doesn't show in my account
How do I use a cheque to top up?
Are cards delivered to my location?
I needed cash from the ATM but I couldn't get it.
If I don't have much money in the account can I auto top-up?
The exchange rate that was applied for an international purchase was wrong.
How can I link my bank to my top up account?
Help! My card isn't working at the ATM and I know I used the right PIN. Trying to get my money.
I couldn't complete card activation.
I wasn't applied the correct exchange rate when getting cash
The app is showing that I received alot more money than I actually received from the ATM. This occurred earlier today.
Why has my withdrawal not posted?
I went to look at my top-up and it was canceled, can you tell me why this happend?
I wasn't able to do a transfer to an account
Can I top-up by cheque?
How do I make sure my transfer isn't goin to an unsupported merchant?
What does it mean when it says that I have a payment that is pending?
It seems like I have been waiting forever for this international transfer. Why is it taking so long? C'mon, it's 2018, things happen at a click of a button. All of the account information is correct, so how long will this take?
I can't recognise this Direct Debit payment.
I'm dissatisfied with the service and would like to terminate the account.
Some cash was withdrawn in the app, but I did not do it.
I got some cash in the ATM but its still pending
How long do transfers take? I sent money to a friend who needs it urgently. It's been hours and has not gone through.
Can friends transfer money to each other?
I am dissatisfied, I would like to close my account.
Can currencies be exchanged on this app?
I am travelling and I tried to withdraw cash but didn't get what I was supposed to get.
I used my card the other day to get cash from an ATM and was charged an extra fee. I don't understand why I am being charged a fee all of a sudden. I thought it was free to withdraw from an ATM?
my cash out is still pending
Can I pay online with my card?
My card did not go through in a shop
How do I go forth on holding money in multiple currencies?
How are cash withdrawals pending?
why was i charged a fee to transfer
I need to make my card PIN a different number
Why am I seeing a fee for transferring money?
I'm having a hard time proving my identity.
Can my 8 year old grandson open an account at the bank?
Please double check my card - withdrawal was working fine so far, but this morning on the way to work it suddenly got declined!
It's not letting me transfer money to my beneficiery.
Someone might be using my card that is not me.
The ATM is messed up. It gave me less than I wanted.
Where is the top-up verification code located?
Why am I charged a fee for getting cash?
I have some transactions on my account I did not make. Can you cancel my card and prevent further use.
I found my card that I thought I had lost, I need to reactive it, please help.
I couldn't transfer money to a beneficiery
Why did a transaction I made charge me $1?
I tried the wrong PIN too many times.
I used my card to top up but it's saying it is still pending. What does this mean?
Where do I get a virtual card?
What form of identification is accepted?
Is there a way for you to find out why my account was deducted from a seller when I didn't approve of it?
Can my PIN be changed in any cash machine?
The ATM wouldn't let me have my money.
I've already tried 5 times to complete a transfer that's just standard. What's the deal? Is your system down at this time?
Is there an automatic top up feature?
Will I be charged for exchanging foreign currencies?
Can I choose my card scheme?
Help! I need to transfer something to China.
Can you tell me why I was charged extra when I withdrew money?
Out of the blue, my card stopped working.
I withdrew some cash and the exchange rate seems to be wrong.
I no longer have my phone.
What should I do if I exceed my PIN tries?
When does a UK transfer show up?
What currency can I use to pay for a top up?
Why was I unable to complete my transfer?
Where's my top up code?
My card needs to be activated asap
How do you find the exchange rate?
When should I expect to receive my card?
What is this strange payment in my account?
I have a transfer waiting.
After I got my cash, I found out my exchange rate was wrong.
There is  an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did it charge me extra?
My new landlord is a lier and is trying to rip me off by saying I've not paid my rent when I have paid my rent.  What is going on?  They say the money hasn't got to them but I see it going out of my account.  Can you check that the money went to the right place?
How do I go about verifying the top-up card?
How can I get money in my home currency while I'm traveling internationally? I wanted to take it out of a local ATM but am worried that I will get charged extra fees.
Can you make exchanges with the EUR?
Is there a reason my transfer failed?
Transfer unable to be completed, states 'declined'
Can I edit my details?
Do you guys have any age restrictions?
Why do I have a transaction showing multiple times?
I just saw a fee on my account. When do these get charged?
I see a direct debit payment on my statement that wasn't me
How long until my card will get here?
I wanted to transfer money to another account, but now I don't have to so I'd like to cancel said transfer. How can I do that?
Where is my recent refund in the my statement?
When can I expect my card to arrive?
My cash withdrawal is showing as pending, why?
Why was my payment declined? I keep trying my card but it's not working.
What are the steps to finishing up with this account?
Can I transfer my paycheck to the account?
I purchased something and already received it, why hasn't the money taken out?
How can I tell if someone else is using my card?
Can my daughter also have a card issued in her name, but linked to my account?
I am very upset that i went to use my new card today and it kept getting declined. Why is this happening and what do I do to not have it declined?
What does it mean when a transfer is "pending"?
I  see an extra 1£ charge on my app. Why did It charge me extra?
There is a vendor name I don't recognize on a payment from my account. I don't think I made this payment.
Why am I being charge a fee when using an ATM?
Can I withdraw money from another bank and transfer it into my empty account?
how do i get into my account and edit my details
Can I use my social security card as a form of identity?
I have a card payment that I don't recognize. What should I do?
How long do transfers take to go though
I don't want to verify my identity
$1 charge in transaction.
Can you tell me where I can order a disposable virtual card?
How long will it take for my money to be deposited?
I did not make a direct debit payment as listed on my app
Can you tell me what I need to do for the identity check process?
How do i go about linking a new card?
I want to know about your refund policy.
Are there any charges for topping up my card?
Why do you need me to do an identity check?
Is my card working? It's the first time I tried using it I tried to get money out of an ATM, but got nothing.
Would I be able to use SWIFT transfers?
I entered the pin incorrectly too many times and now it is blocked. Can you help?
Can I use American express with apple pay? Why does it make my top up not work?
Where in the app do I link a new card?
How can I use my credit card to transfer money?
My payment was cancelled
Why is my withdrawal from the ATM still showing as pending?
Do you have an option for auto top up?
Send me my card now! ASAP
If I am running low on credit can I auto top up?
My top-up is taking a very long time to complete.
What do I do if I forgot my passcode?
I didnt get the correct exchange rate for getting cash
I keep checking my statements but nothing shows up. I requested a refund a long time ago but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. Would you please help me get the money back from the seller.
Please tell me how to edit my personal details.
Is it possible to get a refund?
Do I get charged if I get money?
I don't know where my phone is.
I see cash in my app but I did not get it.
What are my limits on disposable cards?
It is listed in my app that I made a payment which I did not actually make
I have transactions that I don't recognize - I think someone is using my card.
Where can I check to see where the money in my account came from?
Can you tell me if a credit/refund is coming from a seller? I asked for refund directly from them and am still waiting. It's been a week now and i still havn't seen my refund yet.
When I made a transfer I was charged extra.
My card payment has been pending for a long time now. Why is it taking so long to take. It should have already made it through.
My virtual car is not working.
Why has transferring money resulted in a charge?
Let me know when you charge extra for payments please. I just checked the app earlier when I saw that there was an additional fee on one of the payments that I wasn't warned about before.
I need to change my card PIN.
How do I report possible fraudulent activity on my account?
What fee will be charged for exchanges?
I need help to resolve mix up on my card payment. My account shows the money was taken out and then put back in the account. Then I received a message from the seller, It said that they did not get my payment.
When the time is right will this automatically replenish my balance?
Is there any way to get another card on the same account?
Is there a limit to the top-ups someone can do?
Why did my payment go back to my account when I bought something?
There was an extra fee when I paid with my card, why was i charged this extra fee?
Visa and MasterCard, can I get them both?
Does your app allow currency exchange from USD to GBP?
ATM is broken. It did not give me the full amount (30 pounds.)  I'm standing here with only 10 pounds and it's telling me it gave me 30 pounds. I need assistance now!
I have exceeded all my PIN tries
Why is the cash withdraw I made shown as pending?
How long before a check I send clears?
What is the normal time to make an international transfer? I made one a few days ago that still hasn't arrived.
Is there an age limit to get an account?
My card was rejected
Why was I charged for payments? You didn't warn me about additional fees.
I'd prefer to use my American Express when putting funds into my account.
Hello-Can you please help me get a refund from this merchant?  I ordered a product and would like to return it. I have been unsuccessful in getting the merchant to return my request for the past several days.  I understand it can take up to 45 days to process the dispute and issue a refund, however, if this can be expedited faster it would be very helpful to me.
Hey, I attempted to top up my card today and for some reason it didn't work. When I did it the other way it worked just fine. Could you help me figure out why this is happening please?
Why do you keep declining my payment?I tried several times already with this card and it is just not working.
Where do I find my card PIN?
How can I get another card?
I am quite aggravated that I ordered online almost a month ago and I never got my package and I paid for it. I would really appreciate it if I could get a full refund back now.
How come I got to pay to get my money from the ATM?
Someone used my card without my permission.
I am looking to delete my account. I'm not happy with the service provided by you.
This transfer incurred a fee that I don't think is right.
After depositing a cheque my balance did not change.
the transfer went through but now it has been pending for quite a while. i need this to go through already
I would like to use top-up with my Apple Pay.
Why did I get charged twice for the same thing
Can I check my recent refund in my statement?
I want to block my card or deactivate it or something, it's been stolen and I don't want it misused. I want this handled right away.
I deposited a cheque and its been days and I still haven't received the cash!!
You operate in which countries?
How can I find out the source of my available cash?
When will a transfer from the US post?
How to edit personal details?
My card couldn't complete a transfer, why?
Can you find out why my credit card didn't process payment? It was declined for top up so what's the deal?
When will my new card be delivered?
I want a new PIN please.
Is it possible to order a card?
I sent a payment but now it's not showing up.
I have a card payment that has been pending for some time and would like to know when it is going to go through.
How come my cash withdrawal came with an unnecessary fee?!
How long does it take for my physical card to be delivered.
Is exchanging currencies one of your app services?
I need to know what's going on. I was under the impression you offered cryto top up which doesn't seem to be working and money has just vanished from my account.
I purchased something about one to two weeks ago but for some reason the payment was returned to my account today even though I've already received one of the items. Can you tell me what's going on?
There's a payment with my card that I definitely didn't create. I don't know anyone by that name.
can I use it in any country?
What are Interbanks current exchange rates?
help me link my card
Can I choose between Visa or MasterCard?
I was double-charged for a transaction
My details need to be changed, how can I do so?
Can I unblock my PIN in the app?
Can I exchange currency to Europe?
How do I transfer cash my into my account?
Why didn't my transfer work?
I need more physical cards than I have right now!
please help me with this transfer, for some reason i can't transfer to a cryptocurency account
What do you do with all the identity information you're collecting from me?
I cant transfer money into my account
How long does it take to transfer from china? Is there a way to transfer it quickly, I need it urgently?
Is a SWIFT transfer acceptable?
I need a refund for something I bought.
Am I getting charged for making a payment?
I think youre system may be broken because I have tried transfer money 5x and it isnt working!  I'm not doing anything complicated it is what I usually do.
do i need to add money before i order a card
What am I being charged an extra pound when I haven't bought something worth that much?
Are top-ups allowed using Apple Pay?
I don't want to give you all my identify details.
Why did I only receive this much currency?
Can I get some help activating my new card?
How can I access my account when I have lost my phone?
I topped up my card but the app rejected it.
I can't see the transfer that I put in.
Am I supposed to verify my identity?
What needs to be done to activate and use a card?
The app failed to verify my id.
What do I need for the verification check?
I need some help figuring out what this strange payment is on my account. It's stays pending and won't go away.
Could you assist me in finding my lost card?
If my account is low in funds, can I set an auto top-up?
what countries can i use my card in
What is the estimated wait time on a US transfer into my account?
Hey there's a fee for a transfer on my account.  Why?!
What do you need for the identity verification
I don't see my top up in my wallet.
I don't know what my passcode is, can you help?
Please cancel my most recent transfer, it was a mistake. This is an emergency. It needs to be canceled before it goes through.
My card info was stolen, what do I do?
I have a new card. How do i top it up?
I saw a fee on my app from one of my payments and I wasn't sure where it came from. Is there a way you can tell me when there's an additional fee for my payments?
I'm on holiday and I noticed a different amount for exchange rate.  Can you explain?
I cant prove who I am
The bank machine didn't give my card back how do I get a new one fast?
Can I track the card you sent to me?
Why is my cash still pending that I put in ATM?
Can you explain to me why a cash withdrawal shows up as pending?
Can you help me find the virtual card?
How much does each transfer cost?
Something is wrong, my top-up is gone and I don't know what happened to my money.
Hi, I'm in progress of purchasing a flat and am trying to make to make a payment.  An error is appearing, and I need assistance.
Can I use app to unblock my card?
Where can I find how to change my name?
What do I do?  The ATM took my card!
What are some of the restrictions that the disposable cards have?
Why was there a transfer fee on my account?
I don't have the means to prove my identity.
How can I receive money?
Can I have my card delivered on Tuesday?
What is this cash withdrawal I don't recognize?
Is there a fee for topping off by transfer?
I need to update my phone number.
I just sent money but the person I sent it to doesn't see it. What happened?
I am not satisfied with your company and wish to delete all accounts immediately.
I made a check deposit but the cash hasn't arrived in my account yet.
Please help! I was looking at my account and saw a transaction with a seller I don't remember. Is it possible for you to track the sale, because I really don't think I made a payment to them.
Please help me with the activation of the new card.
I want to op up my account by using bank transfer. How do I go about it?
I don't recognize this payment at all!  Help!
Reasons for top up cancellation.
How do I change my name?
I wanted to know what discounts were offered for current exchanges as it is something that occurs frequently.
A transaction on my card shows as pending.
Please tell me why the same transaction is showing up on my account more than once.
Please help me as my online payment is getting declined since yesterday while i am trying to purchase something online.
Am I going to be charged for topping up by transfer?
What is the greatest number of times that I can top-up?
How do i authenticate a top-up card?
where do i find out about exchange fees
I want to top up by cheque
I need to exchange some foreign currency. What's the charge for doing that?
if i found a lost card can i put it back in app
I have tried to submit a transfer a couple of times now, and for some reason, it continues to be unsuccessful. Do you know why this may be?
where exactly does money come from
I am locked out from entering my pin.
Can you tell me how to change my PIN?
I tried activating my plug-in and it didn't piece of work
Can you tell me what are disposable cards for?
how many days processing new card?
When will my account receive the money?
What are ways to test why my card might not be working?
I don't understanfd how to top up
top up is still pending
I thought it was free to make a withdrawal. So how much does it cost now?
What is the estimated time on an urgent transfer from China?
You charged me more than once for the same transaction!
How long will it take for the cash I deposited this morning to show up?
Lost password
can i get a physical card online
Can a credit card be used to transfer money?
where can i deposit a check
where to i get my funds from?
How do I know where the funds come from?
How do I know it is a Mastercard ATM?
How many disposable cards am I allowed to have?
I suspect someone used my card.
An ATM machine didn't give me back my card.
Why am I being charged again?
What all is needed for the identity verification?
Which part of the app do I order virtual cards from?
Which countries are you in?
There is a payment I don't recognize
Can you explain the various transaction times shown on my statement?
I am trying to complete a transfer but I keep getting an error message.
A transfer I sent was received in less than the full amount I originally sent, and now I have to send additional funds to cover the full amount. What happened?
want to get a new card in china
I can't find my card, it is lost.
How do I complete the ID check?
How do I re-order a damaged card?
How can I transfer money to a beneficiary?
How do I get unblocked?
My account transfer was not cleared.
I see a direct debit transaction in the app that is not mine
What do I need to do to get cash back? The ATM gave me the wrong amount that I requested but the app is showing the amount to be correct.
Why is it taking so long to update my balance transfer?
My money hasn't been deposited yet. When will it be?
I made a transfer and according to the receiver "they haven't received the right amount" Its lesser than it should be.Now I have to transfer more money to make up for the missing amount . Can you please help me about this,what should be done
When will my balance reflect a deposit?
What currencies can my account be in?
How old do I need to be?
Why am I being charged for transfers? Are they not free?
Can you do exchanges of EUR?
Why wasn't my card payment accepted?
Why wouldn't a transfer go through?
Where are the virtual cards?
What's the process to receive a second card?
I want to do a swift transfer
Can I use my card anywhere?
Why hasn't my in country transfer gone through yet? I confirmed the account info a couple days ago but the payment hasn't been posted yet.
How much money can I withdraw before fees? I noticed a fee on my card but I didn't think I had hit the limit of how much I could withdraw in a month.
I need to cancel a payment. Something i purchased a while ago still has not arrived and i'm not going to pay them if they won't send me what I purchased.
How was I charged extra when I used my card to pay?
what are weekend rates for getting cash
Please help.  There is a payment in the app that isn't mine.
Do I get  a mastercard and visa?
I have a fee and I don't know why
What kind of money can I hold?
Do international transfers take longer?? I made a transfer from France 2 days ago but it's still not there yet...
Please tell me why I am having problems transferring to a beneficiary.
Where do I find the auto top up option?
What's the closest place to withdraw money?
top up with credit card
When will my cheque be processed?
I am unaware of what my password is.
How can I exchange AUD for GBP?
I made a transfer and they haven't received the money I sent them.
I exchanged cash when traveling and the rate was incorrect.
There are multiple instances where you added a fee to the payment, as well as some where you didn't. Do you have an outline of when a fee will be added?
Where is my money transfer?
I can't freeze my account as I need the card as I am traveling, how do I change my pin?
I have made 5 attempts to make a very standard survey, yet I can't get it to work. What is the problem? Is there an issue related to your system?
How can I fix my bank transfer to show up on my bank account?
I was charged a fee for a transfer.
Is there a way to order a new card while in China?
What is the first step I need to make for being able to access my account?
You can activate your card in a few seconds by going to account, hitting activate, and just following the directions.
I tried to get some money but the machine was not working .The transaction still seems in progress! Can you please check what's going on.I don't want to be charged for money that I did not received.
What countries are getting support?
Why did the ATM swallow my card?
I've been checking my statement to see if I've received a refund I requested from a seller a while ago has arrived. But it has not. This should have come back to me already. Can you help me figure out why it's not here and get my money back?
How can I verify my source of funds?
My balance was not updated after transferring money.
There has been an unusual withdrawal from my account, can you help?
Why hasn't a transaction I did to my friend arrived yet?
Why hasn't my payment gone through yet?
Waiting for the cash I deposited this morning still
Why do I need to have my identity verified?
I noticed a fee, while banking abroad, that seems different than any I have been charged before. What does this fee mean?
My transfer says pending. What does that mean?
I got less cash than what I specified at the ATM.
Why haven't I gotten my payment yet?
How can I tell where the money came from?
do you offer refunds? i would like to return purchase.
Can I get a card that works in other countries like Africa and Indonesia?
My statement has a charge that shouldn't have been made.
Tell me about the card PIN?
Can I have it delivered on the date I need it delivered?
How do you figure out the exchange rate? Can you explain why I got less money than expected?
How long is the delivery time to the US?
How do I auto top-up?
How can I change to my married name?
I have no way to prove my identity.
I went to top up my card and it was cancelled.
let me know how many disposable cards I can have?
The app reversed a top off I had.  What should I do?
Why won't you take my transfer, I keep getting an error message.
What is the virtual card and how can i get one?
I see an unfamiliar Direct Debit payment.
When I received my cash; they had my exchange rate incorrect.
My balance is not what I thought it was following an ATM withdrawal
And do you have virtual cards instead of physical ones?
I'm not sure where this charge came from.
My card is about to expire.  Are there any costs with a replacement card?  How quick do you mail it to me?
If I found an error in my account for a transaction I didn't make, how long to I have to dispute it?
Can I make an account for my daughter?
Hi - I have made a transaction to my new landlord but unfortunately it shows on my end but not on the landlord's end. The numbers are correct. Can you confirm when that will go through?
My top-up was supposed to be done, but now the money is gone! Is there a glitch in your system?
Do I need to verify the top-up?
I need to know which fiat currencies I can use with you.
I can't use my card for anything
I can't see my refund on my account
My card is expiring, how do I get a new one?
Can you please reactivate my card?
It's been two weeks and I haven't gotten my card, what do I do?
How do I get started when I get my card?
There is a direct debit payment I don't recognize.
Whats wrong with my currency exchange?
Why is my card not working anymore?
Is it possible to change my pin if i am out of the country?
Change of location, need to change details
Help!  What should I do?  My phone was stolen yesterday.
What documentation do you accept for the identity check?
What do I do if my phone is stolen?
Where can I locate my PIN at?
My friend says he hasn't received my transaction
It's only been a few weeks my my top-up got cancelled
I don't know why my credit card was declined while I was trying to top-up. Was it something on my end or was there something wrong with the top-up function?
My new card came in.  How do I activate?
Why am I being a charged for using my card?
I am not sure how this will work, but I have not received a product I ordered.  I want a refund, but should I just cancel the payment?
Hi, Last week I have contacted the seller for a refund as directed by you, but i have not received the money yet. Please look into this issue with seller and help me in getting the refund.
How long do EU transfers actually take? I bought something online a couple days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet.
I need urgent help. I realize I sent my payment to the wrong account number. I made a typo. Please cancel the transfer immediately. I cannot do anything from the app.
Seems like my card payment has been cancelled
Am I allowed to carry an additional card?
How do I modify my details?
want to know how to get virtual card
Hi, i found a large amount payment in my old statements which i am sure was not made by me. I am aware that the time has passed but is there a way to raise a dispute for this payment now?
Why do I need top-up to be verified?
i need to top up by card.
Can i add a new currency to my account?
I put some cash into my account but it's not displaying that on my balance.
Balance hasn't been updated following a bank transfer
When do I get my PIN?
What are my options for holding money in multiple currencies?
I think I deserve a refunded on a certain item.
Where is the PIN for my card located?
My purchases from this morning are showing up as payment pending. Can you tell me why?
Can you provide me a disposable virtual card?
Where is my top-up generated from?
My salary is deposited in GBP. Do I need to choose the currency?
Can you send me a new card and block my current one. I'm in Spain and my wallet was stolen.
Why do I have an unexpected fee on my bill?
Hello, I'm a brand new customer and tried topping up for the first time today. It has been pending for half an hour and doesn't seem to be working. Please resolve this.
I was wondering about transferring money into my account and how it works.  Can you tell me about that?
I was unaware of the additional charge that was added onto my previous payment. A notification of extra charges would be appreciated in the future.
Why won't my card accept any transactions?
What went wrong when I tried to do my transfer?
How can I move money from an account at another bank to this one?
Can I get a card even though I live in the US
I need to update my address.
I have a pending money transfer
My card is needed soon
Can I get a disposable card?  How many can I have?  How often can I use them?
I have not received my card and it's been a week, what do I do?
I cannot seem to buy something online with my card? the payment comes back, what's going on?
Any extra charges for exchanging currencies?
I got a fee when paying with my card
How many days do I have to wait for the transfer to reach my account?
Hearing about your verification results from us may take anywhere from 10 minutes to approximately one hour.  If this verification has in fact, failed, double-check to make sure that your images are clear.  Also make sure that your document photos have no blur or glare. They need to be readable.  You must also be 18 years of age or older and be a resident of Switzerland or the European Economic Area to open an account.
Help me use American Express to add money to the account.
My card has been compromised. I see a bunch of online shopping charges that I didn't make. I need to freeze it immediately.
It seems I've suddenly been charged for my recent ATM cash withdrawal. What's up with that? I though withdrawals are free, you never charged me so far!
Can I use any card and currency?
How do I delete an account?
I am so angry right now!  I went to the ATM and did not get the correct amount of money I chose to withdraw.  How could this happen?  I need my money and want to know how I can get it ASAP!
Can I use a credit card from the US to top up?
Why can't I use my card?
I can't add any more money.
Could you refund my transaction, I paid it into the wrong account. I need to be able to pay it into the right account by tomorrow.
The balance hasn't changed yet after depositing a cheque with some money.
Can I use my card while on vacation overseas?
Where is the transfer to my account that I made?
i tried to do a transfer to an account but it didn't work
I would like to change my name after marriage.
Could you tell me the fiat currencies that you work with?
I was supposed to get a refund but I do not see it on my statement. When is it going to be updated?
Delete my account please. Now!
Is there a specific source that the exchange rate for the transfer I'm planning on making is pulled from?
lost my phone, what is account security?
How do I make my transfer go through
My card is showing the same transaction over and over again.
Can you tell me what countries you offer support for?
Please tell me why I was charged additionally when I used the card.
How do I change my pin while traveling?
I went to an ATM to get cash, but the app says the withdrawal is still pending. How is that possible when I already have the cash with me?
My app is showing a payment that I know I did not do. Can you please cancel that transaction and credit my account please?
This isn't fair! I thought transfers could be made for free. I just made  a purchase online from abroad and now see some strange fee that I've never seen before.
I have a disposable virtual card. Is there a limit to how many times I can use it?
Why do you keep declining my transfers? it's always been working really well so far but when I tried to buy something just now the card got declined . I tried couple of times already  but same thing is happening .
How can I reset my PIN?
I am not able to make a purchase because there is an issue with my card
There is a direct debit fee in the App that I didn't do.
Help, I need to top up my account. Where do I send a check?
What countries do you operate in?
I have a cash withdrawal on my statement that I am unsure of.
I sent a cheque to you a few days ago and the deposit has yet to appear in my account. I need this money, what is the problem?
I want to cancel a transaction.
What is the best way to get my virtual card?
I don't have the device I used to log onto the platform so I can't access it.
Can I change my PIN abroad?
Why am I being charged fees on some transactions but not on others? What am I missing here? I cannot find where to see the fee structure on my account. Help!
Is it right that I've been charged for transferring money?
I don't understand why I'm being charged for using my card.
I am under the impression that my top up is still pending
Your machine took my card. How do I get it back?
My card has not been delivered yet and its been a week since I ordered it, please help
What is the procedure to transfer money to my account?
I am worried about fees for top up cards?
What is the procedure for an expired card?
totally unacceptable.  I'm stranded with no cash because the ATM wouldn't give me any money!
Why was an extra charge added when I used my card?
I made an ATM withdraw it didn't give me the amount I asked for but is showing a withdraw for that amount.
When exchanging currencies, is there an extra fee?
I tried to top up, but it didn't finish.
Can you track my card for me?
What do you require for identification verification?
Is there a fee for a SEPA transfer
my virtual card has not came yet!
I seem to be having trouble with my Google Pay Top. Can you please help?
I do not know where the transaction is.
The card can be used at which ATMs?
Please help me get a refund?
How do I get a card in the EU?
Do you have any card fees if I want to add money using an international card?
What currencies can I exchange?
Could you please tell me your exchange rates?
How do I take a block off my card?
Where'd the rest of my cash go from the ATM
Is this open to residents of all countries?
Why is there an identity check?
How do I troubleshoot when contactless doesn't work?
Someone must have found my card details as I don't recognize these transactions.
I did not get all the cash at ATM.
What form of payments can I use for topping up?
How do I get a refund for something I bought?
Can I add a card back to the app?
When will my top-up go through?
Is it normal to be charged an extra fee when paying with my card?
Why can't I edit my personal details?
I am still waiting for my card.
Can I get another card?
Why is there are there two of the same transaction?
I set up a payment to a new payee and sent some money but the person I'm sending it to has not received it.  Can you check where the money is?
I need to order a new card.
I tried to withdraw 50 pounds but it only gave me 30. Where is the rest of my money?
Why didn't my friend's transaction arrive yet?
Do you only use Visa or do you have Mastercard too?
There is something wrong with my card. Tried to use it a few times today in different places and it just didn't work. The transactions I tried to make were really small so not sure what's going on
is there a reason i need to verify top up
Where can I find my card PIN?
Someone else accessed my account and made a payment.
I received a "declined" message when doing a transfer
Could my daughter open an account?
Is there a top-up limit that I have to stay under during a given period of time?
How much do I have to pay to accept an international transfer?
Can you tell me how long it would take, to make a transfer from France? I made one 2 days ago and its not there yet.
How do I revert a transaction?
I transferred money, why was charged for an extra fee?
How do I top-up while traveling?
My address details have changed and I want to update them
Is it possible to get a real card?
Can you please explain how to transfer money using the bank transfer process?
Do you know when the withdrawal will show?
How long does it take for a pending cash withdrawal?
The ATM is showing it gave me the money I requested but I didn't get that amount.
I need to change my contact information.
What countries have access to this service.
How do I replace my card before it expires next month?
My card has been found. Is there any way for me to put it back into the app?
where do I top up my google pay?
I withdrew cash and was charged
How do I link the new card?
Can I get a few more physical cards?
What should I do if someone stole my phone?
I submitted a transaction but it was for the incorrect account.
I need a new card before it expires.
Am I able to use my account if the identity verification is not complete?
Why was I charged extra when paying with card?
It seems like my card payment didn't work.
I make payments for my place abroad using this account and since i use it so frequently I was wondering why did the fees increase suddenly rather than decreasing? I would think customers like me should receive incentives for using your service
Whats the max I can top up
Why is my transfer still pending?
How do I find my PIN?
Is it possible for me to top up with Google Pay?
Do you limit my top-ups?
I just made a top-up but it shows as pending! I use your service all the time and have never had a problem before. Why does it keep showing up as pending?
Why can't I see the top up I made?
How is the exchange rate doing?
How long should I have to wait before I see the transfer in my account?
My identity is unable to be verified.
Please tell me how you can stop unauthorized payments from being made on my card since on this bill I see that this has happened. There are transactions that I never made from a place I've never been to.
I did a transfer and was charged a fee that I shouldn't have been!
Why is my balance the same after a transfer?
Is there a money transfer fee?
Top up my card please, which y'all support?
I need to modify my details.
can I use my card before identity verification?
How do I verify my new card?
Can my salary be received here?
Hey there, I just went through my most recent credit card payments and I notice the same charge for a restaurant was processed twice. There was only one meal at this place, so I would like one of the charges to be reversed and my money to be put back in the account.
I can't find out how to top-up my account using cash.
I made a cash withdraw and it shows up as pending why is that?
I want to transfer money from another account into this one.
My card hasn't arrived yet. What do I do?
Am I gonna be charged for sending out more cards?
What do I need to do to request cash back? The ATM actually just gave me the wrong amount. The app I actually chose the right amount.
Why haven't I gotten a virtual card yet?
Will money be added automatically when necessary?
Hi there, I've tried to make a transfer 5 different times and its not working. Is your system down or something?
What is going on with my cash deposit. I'm looking at my account balance and it is not there. It has been almost a week. Someone better get back to me asap.
Can someone assist me with activating my card?
If I top up by transfer, am I going to be charged?
I have a charge for something I didn't buy.
What's the normal time frame for a transfer from a UK account? After just making a transfer it doesn't appear at all. I need to know if things went okay.
Why are all my card payments being declined?
How long does a payment usually show as pending? Is it normal that mine is still pending?
I want to create a new pin.
Is there a fee for sending additional cards?
I want to top up my account with a cheque
How do I receive money from someone?
Hello. I bought an item a while ago, and have since requested a refund.  However, upon checking my online statements, it seems that I haven't been issued a refund yet.  How can this be remedied?
Is identity verification required for me to use my account?
I received my card, how do I get it to work in the app?
I was charged twice for a few things this week when I only bought one. What do I do?
Is my card ready for use or does it need activated and if so how?
do you have a fee for receiving a SEPA transfer?
What's the cost for exchanges?
Is my card payment reverted?
I want to auto top-up.
What currencies do you accept for adding money to my account?
The ATM took my card.
I tried to use the ATM today but it would not accept my card.
There is a payment that has not processed.
I sent you a cheque a few days ago and I noticed that nothing has happened yet. Can you tell me the status of my cheque please?
I bought something on line a and the seller hasn't received the money I sent could you please tell me how long an EU transfer takes?
Is there a reason my cash withdrawal was declined?
Why is my card payment still a pending transaction?
Whats the process of tranfering money into an account?
I've just made a money transfer to the wrong account, I need to stop the money from being moved as it may be going to someone I don't know.  Please can you help?
When can I expect my transfer to reach my account?
My transfer was declined, why is that?
I was recently charged for withdrawing money from my bank ATM. How can that be possible when I haven't been charged for using it before?
I've just been married and need to update my name
Can you tell me why my card payment was cancelled?
Why hasn't my top-up finished pending yet?
Are there fees for using an international card to top up?
Do I get to have one of those virtual cards I've heard about?
What do I need to do to receive my payroll in the account?
Will be Apple Watch be able to let me top up?
What is the longest that a payment will show pending?  There is one showing that has been sitting there a few days.
Why did you charge me more for my purchase? It was a foreign currency and you didn't offer market rate
Can I use Apple Pay to top-up?
I received a decline message on a transfer
What is the youngest age for an account?
Does the auto top-up have any limits?
How can I get my money that I didn't get from the ATM?
Can you please assist on my item that needs to be refunded?
How can I dispute a direct debit transaction?
What is the refund policy?
How is my PIN sent?
Can I use my Apple Watch to pay for gas?
My statement does not reflect that a refund has been issued
I transferred some money recently and saw a fee on my account, what's that for?
Do I have to pay extra if I use an international card to top up my account?
My card would not work at a shop.
I can't get my actual card to work
I don't like the services, please close my account
Can I change my PIN remotely?
Hello I changed my mind and want a refund on one of things I bought recently. Can you please cancel the transaction and get me my money back. Please it's urgent.
I would like a physical card
When will the money be made available in my account?
What are the disposable card limits?
What is the charge for exchanging currencies?
Can apple pay handle top up exchanges?
The check I deposited yesterday isn't listed yet.  Isn't that pretty slow?  I need to see the balance increased by that check.
I was wondering how long does it take for a payment to go thru? It seems my last payment is stuck and hasn't moved.
Why hasn't my refund appeared on my statement?
What do I need to do to get my new card which I have requested 2 weeks ago?
Can I exchange currencies usign this app?
I've been charged an extra £1 and I don't know what it's for
I think my passcode was changed
My package is taking too long to arrive and I don't want it anymore. Can I get a refund?
What is the auto top-up limit?
I had to pay money for paying with my card.
There are a couple payments with my card in the app I see that I didn't create. What is happening? Maybe someone gained access to my account.
I have a payment I didnt make on my account
I tired to get cash in the ATM but it was cancelled
The ATM didn't give me enough money.
Why hasnt my top up gone through yet?? I thought it was suppose to be instant? Am I wrong? Why is it still pending?
How can I receive my salary in another currency?
Can you please sort out your top up? I need this to go through asap because I really need the money. It's already been pending for an hour.
My refund for a purchase hasn't  cone through yet.
This is the first time I've tried to get my money out of an ATM and it didn't work. Please give me my money
I want my card I just received to show up in the app. How do I do that?
How can I close my account, I don't want it.
I am interested in changing my personal details.
Can you tell me why I wasn't able to complete my transfer?
I need to get visa and mastercard
Can I get a disposable virtual card?
How are your exchange rates calculated?
I have my residency in the US, but I would love to get a card.
Do you take checks?
I do not recongize a payment in my account.
I need to know what foreign exchange rate I can get.
How old does my daughter have to be to open an account?
Why can I not get cash from the ATM?
Why did you charge me for taking out cash?
Can I have a refund for one of your products?
when i travel can it top up automatically
Why isn't my balance reflecting a transfer I did?
I have transfered to my account before but it is being declined now?
Why can I not do a transfer to a beneficiary?
There is an extra small charge on my card! What do I do?
I noticed that there was an extra charge fee on my account. Could You explain to me why?
Instruct me how to reset the passcode.
I need to transfer funds from my other bank account into this bank account.
Can I order a new card by phone?
I need assistance with understanding which fiat currencies that you support.
Why has my top-up been denied?
How many disposable  cards are available per account?
How do I go about getting a refund?
Why was my top-up rejected?
I'd like to have extra cards. Will I have to pay for that?
Why am I being charged to withdrawal money?
How can I replace an expired card?
I noticed that there's a payment on my card that's pending.
How do I top up using my Apple Watch?
There are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really didn't make myself. What's happenning with this, does someone has access to my card?!
I am in the EU. Can I get one of your cards?
From what countries can I use an account?
Why is my cash withdrawal still showing as pending?
Is there a possibility to open an account for my sons and daughters?
I cannot make a transfer to another account.
I have used all of my PIN tries. What should I do now?
What ATM machines allow this card?
what is the time frame for transfers
When I got cash, my exchange rate was off.
I just have one additional card from the USA. Do you support that?
My account says there are pending funds right now from withdrawing from an ATM, but my card was declined and I never took out any money. When will that money be deposited back into my account?
Will there be any fees for top ups?
Do top-up limits exist?
I just moved to the US how do I get a card?
What are the rules for a top-up?
I an not sure but it looks as if a card payment I made was cancelled.
Why isn't the recipient seeing the transaction? I just sent the money.
Hello, a few days ago I transferred my rent check to my landlord, however, he is saying that it has not gone though. On my end everything looks fine and I double checked the account number. Is there anything else that could be holding up the check?
Why is the check I deposited this morning not showing up?
Why does it show that my transfer is still pending?
What is the fee on my statement for?
What types of foreign money can be used with this service.?
How to receive the actual card
Does Google Pay offer a top up option?
Money that I have transferred hasn't arrived yet
are transfers to a beneficiary possible
I would like to get both a Visa and MasterCard?
How do I start auto top up?
Will I get Visa or MasterCard?
Can I get a physical card
Can I use a transfer to receive my transfer?
What steps do I take to unblock my PIN?
I see a direct debit transaction that I didn't make.
Why won't my transfer to another account work?
My PIN was entered wrong and now I am blocked.  Please unblock.
What is the maximum top up?
I think my top-up has failed.
I keep checking my statements but nothing shows up! I requested a refund a long time ago but seems it's not reaching my account for some reason. Can you please help me get the money back from the seller for me
Hello. I looked at my account and see that a transaction I tried to do is pending, but I did not complete that transaction. When I was at the ATM, the machine declined my card. Can you make sure that transaction does not go through because I definitely did not receive the money.
How can I go about getting a refund?
Cash has been deposited this morning but it hasn't came through.
What do I have to do to get my PIN unblocked?
Please cancel the transfer I just made.  I put in the wrong account number and can't seem to stop it on the app.
Are there limitations to what currency I can hold?
What happened! I asked for 30 pounds at your ATM and only go 10. The machine lied about it too. It said I received the full 30 pounds. Someone better help me asap on this.
What information do I need to see my source of money?
Will there be a charge for topping up by account with a SEPA transfer?
Can I get a new card?
from where are coming your exchange rates?
I've use my accounts all the time to manage my payments for my place abroad that I just got. I now see that I suddenly have new fees.I'm a frequent customer, so why are you charging me new fees instead of rewarding me?
What currency is supported for exchanges and holding?
I think my card is stolen!
Is the exchange rate the same on weekends as the weekdays?
I got charged a fee for transferring money.
How long will my ATM withdrawal be pending?
I need to track the card sent to me.
Is it possible to hold money in multiple currencies?
Why am I seeing a transfer fee on my bank statement?
What is the maximum I can top up?
I can't get a contactless payment to work.
I withdrew some cash, when is it going to show?
Is there a reason that my transfer failed?
I got a message that my transfer was declined.
Why did I not get all the money that I asked for? I asked for all the cash in my my account, but I only got about half. Why is that??
I noticed that i got charged extra for using the card.
Why is my card payment still listed as pending?
I think a card payment I made was cancelled, can you check?
What are the steps for getting money from a friend?
how do I get top up to work for my card
My statement indicates I made a payment to an unfamiliar merchant.
Hello, can you please inform me about international transfers? I am expecting a transfer I made from France two days ago and would like to know when it will arrive.
How do I use disposable cards?
my exchange rate looks wrong for my last payment
I look but I see no virtual card. Why is that?
I thought I lost my card but I found it today, so I would like to reactivate it.
When will my returned transaction show up on my account?
Too many times I entered the incorrect PIN.  How can I get my account unblocked?
Where in the app do I go to verify my identity?
Why is the pending status on my cash withdrawal taking so long?
I found my card again. Can I put it back into the app?
Which ATMs am I allowed to get money from?
Can I use my card at an ATM?
My money is back in my account after a seller contacted me stating they never received payment. I am positive it was deducted out of my account. Please get this sorted out right away.
Why has my money disappeared? I topped up earlier and seen it was there and had went through. What seems to be the problem?
Can I use my account although the identity verification has not been accepted yet?
I happened to forget my password
I need my refund as soon as possible. What else do I have to do?
I cannot get my disposable virtual card to work
I bought something online a couple days ago, sent the money immediately online but the seller says it's still not there yet. How long do EU transfers actually take?
What currencies can I have?
It's been a week since I ordered my card and it's not here. Please help?
Can I deposit a check?
Can I get spare cards?
Why has my card been declined?  whats the deal?
is my pin the same as my passcode
How long will it take for my cash withdrawal to stop pending
Can you tell me when my money transfer will go through
I am unable to get cash from the ATM
I need to close my account.  Your company is terrible!
Please cancel my last transaction.
I am trying  to  transfer and  it has been  stopped why is  that
I am wondering if International Transfers take longer. I a made a transfer from France two days ago and believed it would be here already. Please let me know when I will get it!
How long does it typically take a transfer to go through?  I sent some money to a friend earlier today, and she really needs it.  It still is a pending transfer, even though I sent it a few hours ago.
Do you charge for sending out more cards?
The exchange rate was incorrect for an item I bought.
Is a tracking number available for the card that was just sent?
Why does my statement have an extra fee?
Is there a charge for topping up by card?
Are there any top-up limits?
I would like to cancel a purchase.
Errors keep showing up every time I try to make this transfer and I am on a time crunch,  could you please help.
I don't think my transfer wen through. Why?
My card was working but now it doesn't.
I am still waiting on my card?
My card payment did not go through.
How long is the wait for a money transfer to show up?
Why am I not able to withdraw cash from this ATM?
My card is about to expire. What do I need to do to keep using my card?
Please help me delete this account.
Would you please tell me the status of my refund request for a large purchase I made not long ago? I contacted the merchant nearly a week ago, but haven't received it.
What do I have to do to get a Visa card?
i didnt make these transactions, i think my card details might be stolen
It looks like I was charged twice for a single transaction
How do I receive a card?
Why is the payment from my card still pending?
Tell me about the limit for top ups.
I have a payment that has not gone through yet
I requested a refund from a seller a while ago, but when I check my statements it doesn't show up. Can you help me get my refund.
I inadvertently completed a transaction on a wrong account.
Hey, I have my card, how do I get it to show in the app?
Why are all my transfers failing?  I have the details right and they won't complete.  I've been trying all day and they still won't go through, this is URGENT, please help.
I would like to get some extra cards?
Why won't the ATM let me withdraw money?
Can someone else use my account if they have my phone?  I lost mine.
I need to know how much it costs to transfer funds.
My credit card seems to have been declined for top up. Why is it not going through? Can you tell me what's going on?
How do I unlock my account after typing in the wrong PIN too many times?
I don't understand why you want so much of my personal info.
Why is my card being declined at the ATM? I have tried multiple ATMs and i keep running into the same problem. Could you verify that everything is okay with my account?
I made a cash deposit to my account but it is not there
Will you charge me if I top up by card?
Where is the top-up card verification code?
Please assist me in activating the card.
My app was on the phone and I was mugged.  What do I do?
Mastercard is my preferred company.
What is this direct debit in my statement?
I accidentally made a payment to a wrong account. What should I do?
I need to reverse a transaction
I made a transfer from France a couple days ago and don't see the transaction yet. How long does an international transfer take?
Are there fees for adding money with an International card?
I was not distributed all of cash that I requested
What is your age limit?
My preference is Mastercard.
What are my bank details so I can do a transfer?
The $1.00 has still not been reverted as indicated in the previous email.
how can i exchange currencies
I don't think the charges made when I had currency exchanged are right.
I wanted to know why my transaction didn't go through.
What's the process for exchanges?
This card is accepted by what businesses?
Can you tell me how to top up on my card?
I have been double charged for a couple of things this week, and would appreciate a refund for the duplicate charges.
how should i add money to my card
Is there a fee for topping up by charge card?
Can I add funds directly from my Apple Watch?
I need my PIN unlocked.
I need this item refunded
can I be charged for topping up by card
what are limits to top up
Why is my top-up pending?
How do you Top Up on the apple watch?
Is there any way to get my salary in a different currency?
What is the appropriate age for my child to be able to open an account?
I would like an extra card.
What transfer methods do you accept?
Why am I having trouble withdrawing cash?
I made a cash withdrawl and there is a charge.  What is this?
How long will I have to wait for my new card?
My account was charged twice for one purchase
I had a cheque deposited, but I don't see my money yet?
Why is allowance not being given to my beneficiary?
What's the process for terminating an account?
i did not get any money but still was charged
How does a bank transfer for topping my account work?
Why was I denied the option to transfer money to a selected beneficiary?
They is a payment I don't recognize on my statement.
Any place that takes Mastercard would be fine.
the balance has not changed, but I have deposited some money
Can my friend send me money if it is not in US dollars?
The rate applied to my foreign currency at an ATM was incorrect.
How can I alteration my PIN?
Why do my transfers keep failing?
Please send me a disposable virtual card.
What is the process to get a new card when your old one expires?
I messed up and made a transaction using the wrong account.
what is the exchange rate when i get cash
Will my card be here soon?
Hello, I believe there has been a mistake made on the exchange rate for my card. Could you please check the official interbank exchange rate for me?
In the app, where do I find my card PIN?
What foreign exchange rate will I get?
I was made to pay a fee for making a transaction with card.
What happened to my Top-Up? It's not reflected.
Can you tell me why my transfer is failing and help resolve?
Is it possible to get a refund for the item?
Do you have any age limit?
Why am I charged a fee when using my debit or credit card?
Why isn't my card working anymore?
I need to have an item refunded.
What is the top up code for?
Where is the top-up verification code?
If I need to cash foreign transfers, how does that work?
Is it possible to have a discount for exchanging currency frequently?
Do you charge for transfers?
I made a mistake on the last transfer I made, who must I speak with to cancel?
I believe my card payment were reverted
I Submitted a cheque couple of days ago, nothing happened to my account yet.What could be the possible issue?
My top up was denied
Is going to a bank only way to change my PIN?
Will you work with any fiat currencies?
After my checque or cash deposit, my balance didn't update.
I think my card payment has been reverted
I lost my card and need a new one, will it cost me?
What fees are charged for a physical card?
Can I get a Visa instead of a MasterCard?
I know this very late, but I just went through my statements from the last couple months and there's one quite large-ish payment that I definitely haven't made. Is it still possible to dispute it?
When I attempted to make a transfer, it failed.
The exchange rate for case abroad is applied wrong.
top up google pay, is it possible?
Is there a top charge for US cards?
Why is the transaction not posting?
Do you know the rate of exchange?
What is the system for determining the exchange rate?
Is there a minimum age for having an account?
What do I do if my card expires soon?
What is the age requirement?
Why does my identity need verification?
What can I do if my card details where stolen from my car? I think they used my card to buy gas.
has my card payment been reverted?
HELP. My account has been deducted already and the Seller says they haven't received the money yet? When can they expect it?
It does not appear that my message went through.
Can my PIN changed remotely without visiting a bank?
How do I verify my ID?
How do I activate my card that just arrived?
What method do you use for the exchange rate?
What are age requirements for opening an account?
What is the significance of verifying the top-up?
How do I change my details?
I want to activate my card, how do I do it?
Unusual direct deposit
I don't want this account anymore, how do I delete it?
I got less cash than what I specified for through the ATM.
How come I was charged a transaction of $1?
I made a transfer a couple hours ago but my balance has not been updated. Why is this? Shouldnt this be instant?
Is there a place to check for fee for payments? I feel like I'm getting charged too much at times.
Why have I been charged a fee for cash withdrawal?
Will I be charged a fee to top up using a debit or credit card?
What are the charges for receiving a SEPA transfer?
Can I exchange currencies with the app?
I got charged twice for the same payment. Please removed the pending payment. Thank you.
Why is there a direct debit to my account? I didn't do that.
I placed a cheque but the funds aren't there
where do i go to transfer money from one account to this one
How to receive virtual card?
I tried to purchase airline tickets online this morning and my card information isn't working. Is there something going on with my account?
Is there a charge for getting my money?
How do I perform identity checks?
Why does it cost more to pay with my card?
I did not make a cash withdrawal that is on my statement
Hi. Please can you help me fix a double charge on my card? I'm looking at my transactions and this restaurant I went to earlier in the week has charged me twice! Please remove the additional charge for me.
How long do tranfers from a UK account usuallt take for you? I just made a transfer and nothing shows up, so just wondering if things went ok
Why didn't I receive the correct exchange rate for an item that I purchased?
Is there a limit on how many times I can use a disposable card?
My salary is in GBP, do I need to exchange it before putting it into my account?
There is a strange payment on my card and I don't know what to do.
I would like to change the the PIN on my card.
The exchange rate given to me after a purchase, was incorrect
can i verify my identity i the app
I need to get a card, how do I do that?
Can I top up using my cheque?
are there age requirements
Why do you need to verify my identity?
No Visa please. I want to continue with Mastercard.
Will the duplicated payment be refunded?
Where is the card I ordered 2 weeks ago?
Can I top up my account with a check?
Can my teenager have an account?
What's the process of changing from GBP to AUD?
There's a payment in the app that I didn't authorize.
When will my transfer finish pending?
How do I add cash to my account?
I've forgotten my app passcode completely.
For some reason, I'm unable to transfer funds.
Why was I charged an extra fee from the ATM?
My money has gone missing. I had recently added money in, and saw it was there and went through. Now it's missing. What is happening?
Is there a way to get a virtual card?
If my card is going to expire this month, do I need to order a new one?
My card activation is failing.
What happens if I forget my PIN?
Do I have a limit to the number of top-ups per day?
Why does my account show as pending a cash withdrawal from the ATM that I have already made?
How do I set up an account for my children?
Why was I charged a fee? I thought shopping was free?
The app is showing a direct debit payment that I never made
I need to cancel my recent transfer as soon as possible. I made an error there. Please help before it goes through.
Can you tell me where my funds come from?
I want to top up by transfering accounts, What do I do?
Can I open an account for my children?
When going to the ATM to take out some cash today my withdrawal was  declined.  I need to fix this problem as soon as possible. whats going on?
I added money through a bank transfer and it is not showing in my balance.
I recently purchased something and the seller says my money has not arrived yet. It was in EU's. How long does this take?
Can I reactivate a card?
Do I have to pay for a physical card?
Looks like my card payment was made twice by mistake. I went to pay at the store earlier which rejected once, second time it worked. App is on pending for one of the payments. Can you please remove one of them as it's wrong and clearly was declined?
can you share card tracking number?
How do I know how much money I will have when I travel abroad?
I need your help immediately.  There is a 500£ cash withdrawal that I know nothing about.  I think my account has become compromised.
The card payment I made didn't work.
Is there a fee for exchanging currency?
There was some money taken from my account that I don't remember paying for. Am I able to look up this transaction which was a few weeks ago to see who took out the money? Im not sure I need a refund just want to check to make sure it's legit.
I did a money transaction and dont have a receipt
I checked the app and there is a payment that I don't recognize.
how come my transfer declined
Which cards are accepted for topping up?
I need to figure out what these charges are on my account. They've been coming out for a couple of days. Can i get all of this money back? Also, I need to freeze my card.
Can I change my PIN in Austria?
can i top up with check?
What sort of restrictions are there for the disposable cards?
You advertise no fee when paying with a card then my statement shows a fee.
My card has been stolen. I reported it with the police, but I need to report it with you as well.
Is there a strict timeline regarding disputing transactions made on my account? I just noticed a fraudulent charge on a statement from a couple months ago.
Do I need to do something to get a new card once it expires?
I moved, can I edit my personal details?
My card payment wasn't declined
What are the steps I need to take to cancel a transaction?
What is the cause of the delay in applying my card payment to my account?
Can you deliver the PIN separately?
Does it cost anything to do currency exchanges?
atm ate my card
Am I able to look back at a transaction to see who with drawled some money from my account? I don't remember authorizing this a few weeks ago, but wanted to double check who took the money.
Do you accept Visa or Mastercard?
It is urgency. Please freeze my card now. As someone in some odd remote town has withdrawn some money by using my card. As i did not withdraw any money.
I'd prefer Mastercard.
can you tell me where to find the top-up verification code?
I want to reactivate my card, I found it after thinking it was lost.
What do I do if I find a debit charge that I know I didn't do in my billing statement?
what currencies can I receive my salary in with this?
Tell me why there is a fee for a card payment.
I want to hold and exchange fiat currencies, what can I use to do so?
I transferred money to a receiver within the EU and they received a lesser amount than expected.  Now I will have to send additional money to the receiver in order to make up the difference.  I'm not sure what went wrong, can you please advise?
Cancel my transfer, please.
Is there a limit on how much I can top up?
Hey, I ordered a thing but changed my mind and want a refund on it. Since I haven't received the thing, would you just go ahead and cancel the payment for me?
I got a message that I cannot name X as a beneficiary.
Yesterday I topped up my card. Why didn't it complete as it still pending?
What's up with verifying top-ups?
Help me unblock my account.  I entered the PIN wrong too many times.
Is there something wrong with the ATM? It would not let me pull cash out of my account.
Can you tell me how to get my card on the app?
I made a transfer and was charged an extra fee!
Can I get my money back on an item?
When do I see my recent refund in my statement
An ATM machine didn't return my card.
Help me get the virtual card working.
I need to dispute a direct debit.
What do I need in regards to identification?
Can I transfer my salary onto here?
tell me how to get a refund for something I bought.
Someone took my card without permission
How much time do transfers typically take? I sent money to a friend who needs it urgently. It's been hours and has not gone through.
Why does is payment not going through? Did my account get frozen or some other issue I don't know about. What can I do to fix this problem?
Is USD free to top up with a US card?
There is a pending payment on my account, what does this mean?
Is auto top up available?
Is my card activated?
There is a transaction showing up several times.
My card was stolen last night.
I was recently mugged and would like to know if I have to have access to the app to use your services and how I would go about setting up your services on a new device belonging to a current user?
What am I going to need in order to verify my identity?
Is there anyway to bypass identity verification?

I put the wrong pin too many times and now it is blocked. Can you help me unblock it?
Is it possible to get a disposable virtual card as well?
What is the process to activate a card
I'm not sure where my phone is.  Can someone else use the app?
Which countries are supported
I have no idea why but my transfers keep getting declined. I have double checked all the recipient details several times already and they're definitely correct.
I dont know what happened, but my payment was cancelled
Transfer isn't working?
I am not seeing recent cash withdrawal on my account.
Hi, I sent my landlord my rent money a few days ago and while everything seems good on my end he says that he never got the money. I double checked the account number and it's correct. Can you help me figure this out?
Top up is not working even though I have my AMEX in apple pay.
what's my top-up verification code?
I was doing a transfer and received a "decline" message.
How do I add my card to the app once I get it?
The app says I made a cash withdrawal that I didn't make
I Withdrew cash from an ATM earlier but it shows up as pending in the app. How can this still be pending, I received the cash already?
I only got $20 of the $100 that I attempted to withdraw.
How long do bank transfers usually take?
How did you arrive at the rate of exchange? I thought that I would get more cash.
I'm expecting to see a cash withdrawal but I'm still waiting.
Someone stole my wallet with my card in it while vacationing in Spain. I really need my card blocked and a new one ordered.
Why is my check still not showing up on my account? It's been a week already
Is it possible someone has access to my card? I noticed that there are a couple of payments in the app I'm sure I did not make. Can you find out what's going on here?
Where can I see where funds came from?
My last ATM request did not go through due to a declined card. Please cancel the request on my account.
Do you accept any card and currency?
To many charges on my card how do I go about fixing that?
It seems my card payment was completed twice. I paid at the store previously and the first one did not seem to go through. After a second attempt, it did go through. I now see within the app that I have been charged twice with one of them pending. Can you please remove the pending amount because it is clearly something that was declined?
What's going on with my card? I've tried multiple times and it never goes through.
Where do I go to cancel a transaction?
Am I able to do a SWIFT transfer?
how to recover my passcode
I got a €1 extra fee in my statement
My card has been stolen what do I do?
Can you please explain why my transfer failed?
What are the additional charges for a SWIFT transfer?
How can I transfer money using my credit card?
There is a direct debit set up that I didn't create.
I am unable to use my card for some reason.
I was wondering why my card was declined
Why was I charged an extra pound?
My top up is pending still
why would a merchant refuse a payment
My ATM withdrawal was declined.
Can someone please tell me how much I can top-up?
Will my friends be able to top up my account?
I would like to use this cheque to top up.  Can you tell me how to do that?
Can I use a different bank ATM than my own?
I can't figure out how to transfer money into my account.
I want to get some cash from the ATM using my card but I dont want to be charged any fees. Ive taken some money out before with no fees, but recently Ive been getting charged. Why?
Reason for my card to decline
There must have been a mistake, why was I charged an extra pound?
Will I be charged for transfers?
Where is the money that I transferred.
Is there a fee for topping up a card?
Will the PIN come separately?
Will it be possible to change from USD to GBP with this App?
What will happen after my card expires?
What is your exchange rate between UK pounds and Russian rubles for my last transaction
why do you charge for transfers?
I would like to transfer money from my checking account to my savings account.
If I were to do a transfer, what is the rate for that?
When I was traveling abroad, the exchange rate was applied wrong.
It shows that the transfer on my account wasn't allowed.
I would really like a physical card.
How can I exchange to EUR?
How much is it to send out additional cards?
There is a payment in the app I did not make
There was a direct debit from my account and I didn't authorise it
My transfer was declined. Why did this happen?
I am using the app, and I see cash withdrawals that I did not authorize.
Help! I lost my card!
On what do you base your exchange rates?
How can i reset my passcode ?
I did a transfer earlier but see that it failed to go through.
Help me activate my new card.
How much more do you charge for currency exchange?
How many days does a regular transaction take to complete?  I see a pending payment that hasn't changed in the last several days.
Can I use my account without verifying identity?
I have a payment which has not been approved.
When will my transfer arrive from Europe?
What do I need to do to correct this failed transfer?
Seems like my top-up has failed
If I have already completed a cash withdrawal at an ATM, is it normal for it to show as a pending transaction on the app?
Why is there a fee on a card payment?
Where do you need to live to receive card
I tried to take out some money from an ATM earlier today and it was declined. Looking on my screen now, I still see that it's pending for that amount. I didn't actually get that money, so I don't want it processed on my account.
I would like a virtual card...how do I get one?
The exchange rate for the money I took out in a foreign country is wrong.
I don't understand why my payment was declined. I thought everything was ok.
What is this random charge of one pound doing on my account?
where is my unknown payment from?
I am still waiting for a transfer to show
Why doesn't my Google pay top up work?
How recent do my documents need to be for verification?
Why does my statement show various transaction times?
How much longer do I have to wait until my transaction is complete? I transferred money to another country many hours ago and the transaction is still pending.
Are there any fees when exchanging to foreign currencies?
Do you offer account services for children and teens?
What could possibly be the cause of my failed transfer?
Could google pay and top up be together?
Why wasn't my payment to beneficiary X approved?
What is the most amount of disposable cards allowable?
When will my transfer from the US get here?
What is your maximum top up limit per day?
Will any ATM's decline my card?
Hi, status of one of my card payment is still pending from a while. Please let e know how much time it will take to complete.
is there a way to change name?
Explain how to verify my identity?
I would like to cancel a transfer
What card types can I choose from?
I think the exchange rate for the cash I withdrew was wrong.
What does it mean to have a pending cash withdrawal?
what is a virtual and how do i get one
why do I have a pending payment?
I could not use my card in a store.
There is a payment on my card that I do not recognize.  I've never seen the name on the transaction before.
I'd like to know what you guys look at to decide an exchange rate
I don't have a password.
Hi, I'm trying to purchase a flat and I'm needing the first payment for the mortgage to go through on the flat I'm trying to buy. For some reason I keep getting an error.can you assist in making this transfer? What is going on?
tell me how I can order my card.
Why hasn't my money transfer showed up yet?
where can i see money source?
Does it cost anything and how long would it take to get a card if I need a new one? My card is about to expire.
Can cards be delivered? Where?
Is there a limit to auto top?
I'm not able to verify my identity.
I need my payment in another currency
I just looked over my statement and I don't recognize the name of a card payment.
I may have entered the PIN wrong and the account is blocked.  What do I have to do to get it unblocked.
Please tell me what the exchange fee is.
How do I see my updated balance after I make a cheque or cash deposit?
Where is my card PIN?
Anytime I've made an ATM withdrawal before it has always been free. I now say that I have been charged for my most recent ATM withdrawal. What's going on here?
If I exchange foreign currency, are there any other charges?
where did my funds come from?
I just got married and I need to change my name
Can I top up my account with Google Pay?
Your exchange rate was off.  I was charged extra on my payment that I made last Saturday.
I want to link my new card. Can you help?
How do I edit the personal details on my account?
At what places accept my card?
Which flat currencies are supported for holding and exchange?
How do I go about transferring money using my credit card?
While I was drunk, I goofed my PIN number and your machine ate my card. How can I get it back?
How do I add the card I just received to show up in the app?
Why can't I use a disposable card?
Card activation steps
my google pay seems to be acting up.
How do I see my card in the app?
If I get a transfer from Europe, how long until it is in my account?
i need to add express delivery if that's an option
The money disappeared when I tried to use my card to top up.
My account shows up as pending after I received cash from the ATM earlier.  How can this be still pending? I've got the cash already.
How do I find out how or where this transaction on my account came from?
What am I going to need in order to activate my card?
Does it cost extra to send out more than one card?
What do I do if my PIN was blocked?
How did the extra charge on my card come in effect?
What does the bank charge for lost or stolen card replacements?
How many purchases can I make with one disposable card?
I going to be traveling, can I set up auto top-up if I run low on money?
I would like to get a physical card, but I don't know how. Can you help me?
I have made a card payment but it did not completed still showing as pending. Please tell me when it will be completed.
I made a rent payment from the wrong account yesterday. It absolutely has to go through tomorrow, so can you please reroute the payment to the right account?
Is there something wrong with the transferring functions? I keep trying to transfer funds and only get an error message.
How long does it take for cards to be delivered after ordering them?
How long will it take for my payment to go through?
I want to have multiple currencies in my account if possible.
I already got my item but just got my money back
My refund has not shown up on my statement.
How can I get my Google pay top up to work?
Why didn't my payment process
I was charged and shouldn't have been charged when using my card!
How do i set up my credit card to send transfers?
Help me order my card.
The app can't verify my information for identity proofing purposes.
Why can't I make a transfer?
There seems to be a couple of payments listed in the app I know weren't made by me. Is there a possibility someone has access to my card? Can you find out what's going on?
What should I do if I see an unauthorized withdrawal on my statement?
Is there a way to modify my details?
My bill shows the same charge more than once
I traded some of my money from my native country into an ATM to exchange for foreign currency, and the money I received was a different equating amount!
Can you please explain why I was charged an extra fee for my transfer?
How do I get a new expiration date?
Can I use my card in Austria?
I see a $1 charge in a transaction.
Which fiat currencies can I use through this app?
Can I change my pin through the app?
Can I verify my top-up card?
Can you tell me how to locate my PIN?
Is it possible to exchange currencies using the app?
A payment on my statement is wrong.
What did you do with my money??? I just topped up, I saw the money was there, but now it's gone!! What did you do with it?
Has my top up gone through?
how do i setup my apple pay
I'm going on a trip soon and I needed to convert my Russian ruble to UK pounds, but when I did, your company charged me above the exchange rate. Did you mess up my transaction?
I took out money and there is a fee.  Why?
I attempted a transfer, but it failed.
Can it automatically top up my account?
Can the card be mailed to Europe?
Why is my ATM cash withdrawal not working?
Why is there a $1 charge on my statement?
can i use my app to get a virtual card
Could you please freeze my card immediately?
The cash I asked for still hasn't been received
My card wasn't working in a shop
The app is saying I made a withdrawl but I didn't.
Why wasn't my payment accepted by the app
My card payment is just showing up as pending since forever, what's going on with that, it should be going through at some point?
I received my Virtual card information, but was unable to use it to make a purchase. Why did this happen and what can I do?
How do I link one of your card that I already have?
who do I talk to, to cancel a transfer?
Could I get tracking on the card?
What is taking so long with my refund?
Looking at my statement I see that I was double charged for a payment I made.
I don't see me 'top up' in my wallet
The money disappeared after I topped up my account.
My account says I have money but I withdrew it in cash.
How can I know where did my funds come from?
How long will it take to transfer something to China urgently?
What exchange rates do you use?
What is the age limit?
How can I activate my new card? I didn't recieve any information with it about how to do so.
I can't get the ATM to give me any cash
I made a cash deposit, but it hasn't shown up in my balance yet.
How long is a transfer in the pending status?
I need to know if everything is okay here. After making a transfer from a UK account it doesn't show up. How long does this normally take to process?
When I went to get cash, it was declined!
How long does it take to get money from Europe?
am afraid someone may have gained access to the info on my card.
I tried to do a transfer but I got a message that it was declined.
why did i only get 20.00
There are a couple payments with my card shown in the app that i really didn't make myself. What's going on with this, does someone has access to my card?!
I'm expecting a large refund from a store I returned merchandise to recently.  They say they have sent the money but I don't see it in my account, can you help.
Why do you need all these details about my identity?
The ATM did not give me my card back?
Is it possible to top up using a cheque?
What is the process to link the new card?
I received the wrong color and size, can I return it?
Can I transfer my payroll to the bank?
My account shows I have been charged twice for the same meal. How do I get the second payment voided and returned to me? I do not eat out much and my family is living paycheck to paycheck,  mostly. I cannot afford to spend more money than necessary, as is, so I must see to it that the cost be promptly credited back onto my card.
IS there anywhere that a card cannot be delivered?
Is there a charge for using an European bank card for top up?
I noticed a duplicate charge on my statement.
Why has my transfer been declined?
I'd lke my card reactivated, I was thinking it was misplaced but I discovered when I woke up that I had left it in my coat.
What are the requirements to open an account for a minor?
Where do I go to get my new card linked?
Can I convert currency with the app?
Fees for currency exchange
Do you have to be 18 to make an account?
I would like to have a Mastercard.
I don't know what pending transaction means.
My new card isn't in my app, how do I get it in there?
I noticed on my online statement that an ATM withdrawal I made early is still pending.  Is this accurate?
Are there limits as to where my card will be accepted?
Can someone assist me with updating my account details with changing my last name?
Why can't I complete the transfer?
Is there a reason my transfer would have been declined?
Can I change my PIN at any cash machines?
Google play top up help?
When I was in a restaurant today my card was declined and payment wouldn't go through and I need help. Can you fix this?
I want to find out what happened to my new card?
Is EUR one of the currencies you deal with?
I need a quick transfer from China.  How long would that take?
Can you tell me if I can track the card you sent me?
I was blocked by using the wrong pin too many times, can you help me?
Can you tell me how do I get a card?
Please delete this account.
How do I know what my PIN is?
I need help from someone in your department with finding my nearest ATM.
Please help me regarding a direct debit in the app that I don't recognize.
It appears my transfer was declined.
How do I go about changing my PIN?
The exchange rate is bad. Are you sure this is the exchange rate?
Why is there an extra fee on my statement?
Why am I being charged a fee for using my card? If there is some print out of places that charge me can you please send me that?
How long does it take for something to be delivered to the U.S?
My card wants to be topped what do you guys support?
Can both a Visa and Mastercard be received from you?
Can I get more cards just incase?
I was transferring some money to a friend, which I thought would be free, but I see there is a charge.  What's up with that?
how to get new card?
I no longer have my phone with the app, what should I do?
My balance is not right. It has not been updated for the cash or cheque deposit.
I tried using my card at multiple vendors and now it's not working.
How many transactions can I make on my disposable card?
Why have I been charged for pulling cash out of my own account?
When will my transfer be in my account?
How do I cancel a transaction?
How do I link my card in the app.
Why is my cash request and the amount I received different?
I think I was double charged
I've made a transfer, how long until the money reaches my account?
Why is there extra cash in my account?
Why would the app show a withdrawal that I did not make?
What forms of payment do you accept?
I withdrew  money from the ATM and was overcharged.  It said nothing about an extra fee.
What's the youngest I can be to open an account?
My card was lost on vacation, I don't know where it is. Can you help me take care of this immediately?
Do I have to go into the bank to change my PIN?
I don't think I was supposed to be charged so much.
I was abroad and needed some cash, but I think the wrong exchange rate was applied to the transaction.
What's my pin number?
I have noticed that my account was double charged for a couple of items this week. Please review and refund the double charged items back.
I used the wrong account number!
I would like to get a few more physical cards.
The exchange rate was messed up from the ATM
My ID verification hasn't gone through yet, but can I use my account anyway?
What is the most efficient way to activate my new card?
My money disappeared right when I tried to top up
I sent money to someone but they haven't gotten it, what's going on?
A transfer could not be completed.
Can you tell me how transferring money into my account works?
I think someone might have a copy of my card because a 500 dollar withdrawal was made, and it wasn't me. Can you please help?
I have an unknown direct debit payment on my account
Who should I contact if the amount of my withdrawal doesn't correspond to the amount that I tried to take out of my account?
What currencies are accepted to add money?
I did a payment with my card but seem that didn't work, it's still listed as pending since a while ago. When does this actually go through?
is the a reason why my transfer has failed?
Hi there, I came across a problem with my top up and my money is missing, was there a system error?
Do I pay extra for exchange?
Can you tell me why a cheque deposit isn't showing in my balance?
I can't recall my password.
How long does it take for a top up to be approved?
Is there a way to view the history on where my funds came from?
What kind of cards are supported?  What currency?
Why is your exchange rate so bad?
What stipulations do disposable cards entail?
Is there an age limit to when my child can use these services?
Can you please check the exchange rate when I was getting cash?
Why is my beneficiary being denies?
I moved and need to change my address.
I have a reverted top up I made and wanted to know why it didn't go through.
How do I link a new card in the app?
Can I trace where my funds came from?
Can I get a Visa or does it have to be something else.
I transferred 7,000 to a receiver outside the EU and they received a lesser amount than what I sent, Unfortunately, now I must send an additional transfer to the receiver so that they can receive the full amount I initially sent.  I'm not sure why they received a lesser amount than what I initially sen, but can you please look into this and let me know what happened?
I would like to be assisted with the activation of my card.
Is there a way to use this app with a disposable virtual card?
Is it possible to use my apple watch for topping up?
What fiat currencies are used for holdings?
I want to revert a transaction I did
How can I delete my account?
How much for an actual card?
why would i be declined if i had money iin my account
While doing a transfer, it says declined.
I want to top up my account. Can I do it with Google Pay?
I'm not happy with service and would like to delete this account.
Which one are you?  Visa or Mastercard?
is there a way to see where funds come from
I would like to know why so much identity information is required?
If my identy verifacation hasn't gone through can I use my account?
There are a couple of payments with my card shown in the app that I really didn't make myself. What's going on with this?
What are the steps for changing my passcode?
At which locations can I order a card?
I sent a payment to the wrong account number - can that transaction be reversed? I am worried about accidentally giving my money away.
What should I do since my card is trapped in the ATM?
Is it possible to delete the account?
how long does it take for a transfer to arrive
What is the charge for sending out more cards?
I was charge a fee that I wasn't told about
Is it possible to go ahead and log in, although I have not been confirmed yet?
Let me know what the steps for the identity checks are
For what reason must I authenticate the top up?
What exactly is the exchange fee?
How long does it take to activate the card, as it does not look like its working?
Is there an age limit for opening an account?
My card is stuck in the ATM?
I cannot get my virtual card to function.
the exchange rate for my withdrawal is wrong
Can I see where my money came from?
i havent got my card
I just got a new card, and I want to know how to activate.
How does my top-up got cancelled?
I have been waiting over a week. Is the card still coming?
Under what condition will my payment revert?
I have no more money in my account.  Is there a way to do a bank transfer to put money into my account?
I think my top up is still pending?
Can I change my PIN without being physically present?
Is there a discount for multiple currency exchanges?
I can't access my money. Is it because somethings wrong with the top-up? I set it up correctly.
What is going on? My balance still hasn't updated and it has been two weeks since I deposited my money!
When I got cash the exchange rate was wrong
I dont have a pin
Can I allow other people to top up my account?
Is getting my identity verified required before I can use my account?
I would like to exchange currencies on the app. How do I do this?
Will my pin number be sent with my card?
I made an international purchase, but the exchange rate was wrong
Can I top-up any amount I wish on any given day?
My rate of exchange was wrong.
how come my withdrawal rate is wrong for my cash withdrawal
What's the card you sent me's tracking number?
My transfer is stuck pending? How do we fix it to it goes through?
what is the exchange rate for foreign ATMs
Can I make a withdraw in my home currency at an ATM? I'm on vacation and don't have cash with me. This is cause for a bit of concern. Is it possible to withdraw here without additional fees?
What is the basis of your exchange rates?
When I got cash I believe that the exchange rate was wrong
My product hasn't arrived even though I ordered it a while ago. I want a refund!
Why did they charge me an extra $1?
With this app, will I be able to exchange currency?
I am 16 and just started working at McDonalds can I deposit my checks at your bank?
I found a transfer fee - is that correct?
my phone has been stolen by someone
I sees some suspicious spending on my credit card that I don't recall I had made. What should I do?
Why can't I make multiple payments with my virtual card?
Why is my transfer pending?
Today I noticed a charge for an ATM withdrawal on my account. Can you please fix this? It's supposed to be no charge.
I need to make a purchase online, where is my virtual card?
I tried to top up with my card but it was declined. I was able to a couple days ago and it worked. Is something wrong? Can you check it for me please?
I had the wrong exchange rate applied to some cash I got abroad.
Card refund is not showing up in my statement.
I needed to send my friends some money urgently.  I tried multiple times to transfer the money this morning, but the transfer keeps failing.  Can you tell me why the transfer is getting rejected?
I made a cash withdrawal earlier and it's showing as pending.  What does that mean?
I have not used my card all day, however, there is an unusual payment showing in my app.  I would like to have that amount reimbursed.
Can I pay for my gas using my Apple watch?
I'm still expecting the transaction to be finished
I keep trying to make a payment, but it doesn't work.
There was an extra charge when I used my card
I can't get my card out of the ATM
How many transactions can be made with a disposable card?
I need to get a disposable virtual card?
I don't want to buy this car anymore, can I cancel the transaction and get a quick refund back?
Why did my top-up not get approved this time?
Is it possible to top-up automatically?
Is there any way for you to find my card?
To deliver to the US, how long will it take?
What's the procedure for getting a card?
i need help finding the auto top up option.
My transfer failed.  Help!
How can I get a disposable virtual card?
Why doesn't it work when I use American Express to try to add money to my account?
What steps can I take if someone else is using my card?
I seem to of forgotten my passcode.
I want to transfer some money from my other bank account into this one.
I requested a refund from a merchant a while ago, and upon repeatedly checking my statement, the merchant has yet to refund me my money.  I don't know what's going on, or why the money is getting into my account--could you please help?
I noticed the exchange rate for cash withdrawal isn't right.
Money is not in recipients account.
Why do you need to check my identity?
Hi, I am experiencing problems while trying to top-up with my card. I have never experienced any problems doing this before. Could you please help me?
I deposited cash into my account a week ago and it is still not available, please tell me why? I need the cash back now.
Why did I not get my refund yet?
How can I get a virtual card for a one-time transaction?
I received a transfer in GBP how do I change it to a different currency?
Will you help me unblock my pin after putting in the wrong pin too many times?
I have an odd payment in my statement
Why on earth do you need so much personal id info from me?
Hurry and refund me, I am waiting
What do you use disposable cards on?
Can you tell me what i steps i should take since my card was stolen?
What is the max top-up?
The disposable cards, what are they for?
What is this cash withdrawal on my statement?
What's the procedure for canceling a purchase?
I'm waiting for my transaction to complete.
The top up failed
What currencies can be used for top up?
Where can I find the auto-top up feature?
I want to know the source of my funds.
The cash abroad exchange rate is applied wrong.
Why was I charged twice for the same transaction?
How do you decide what the exchange rates are?
Why didn't my top up work?
I was supposed to receive my new card by now, but it hasn't came in.
What can I do to track the card you sent me?
What are the steps for identity checks?
I think I am a victim of fraud.  I noticed there was a charge on my account that I didn't do because I haven't touched my card today.  Can you please reverse the charge and refund my money?
Will I be charged for receiving the money?
Can you explain why I was charged extra when I used the card?
How long do cheques take to post to your account?
Where do I find the auto top- up?
What fees do you charge for the standard card?
What was the extra charge for using my card?
How do I add my new card?
after i got married i need to change my name
I was made to pay an additional pound!
I can't seem to figure out why my transfers are getting declined.
After reviewing my charges, I see I was charged a fee for a transfer I did, why?
What currencies does google pay top up accept?
i tried to transfer cryptocurrency into my account but was denied
I just got an email in confirming my purchase with my card. I login to the mobile app on the card and found out there are several purchase were made without me aware of it. Evidently someone had stole my card information and made these fraudulent purchase. I need the transaction to be reverse and have my card suspended.
Seems like my transfer was declined how come?
Can you please tell me why I cant get money from the ATM?
My top-up was reverted by the app.
How can we correct a mistake on an ATM transaction?  The app shows what I should have gotten.
There's a weird payment showing in my app that I definitely haven't made myself, as I haven't used the card at all that day. Please cancel that and return my money.
Do you have charges now when you pay with a card?
I would like to know if you use Visa or Mastercard.
Card payment is still pending, why is that the case?
Why is there an extra pound charge that is pending?
My card is stuck in an ATM machine, how do I get it back quickly?
Why is this payment pending?
I have an issue. I bought something within the past one to two weeks and have received one of the products; however, today the total was returned to my account. What's going on here?
I want to end my account
What is the time period for money to be transferred?
Someone is making transactions on my account, I think they took my card information.
How do I deposit through bank transfer?
Please list the countries you support.
What fiat currencies do you allow exchange with?
I was getting cash and the card got stuck inside
Tell me why there is a charge on my cash withdrawl.
there is money in my account that i didnt put there
Why am I unable verify my id?
How do I get my card active?
Why do I need to verify my identity?
Why didn't this transfer work?
Im not sure if a seller is giving me my money back! I asked them to refund my money for the item but It's been a week now and still nothing has been given back to me. Can you resolve this for me?
Do you know what your exchange rates are?
How long before I can see that my cash withdrawal has taken place?
I do not have my pin yet
My transfer is quite urgent, and finally worked out, but I've been waiting for it for quite some time. Can you tell me how long to expect to wait for it?
Why do I get a fee every time I transfer?
I think my card has been compromised in some way.
I have received my American express in apple play, looks like top up has an issue, please help?
There is a fraudulent payment!
I need assistance with transferring funds to another account.
Please help to explain to me why my new card was declined when I tried to use it at my grocery store this morning to pay for the items I needed.  I tried three times to use it and it kept being declined.  I was very embarrassed standing there trying to buy my groceries.
How many top-ups can be approved?
why must I prove ID
How does identity check work?
Someone else used my card to withdraw cash from an ATM
The service here is horrible, I want to delete my account.
What is the identity check for?
what is the matter?
I would like to get additional physical cards at this time
I added funds to my account but the app didn't process it.
What steps do I do to transfer money using my credit card?
I am interested in a Visa or Mastercard. Do you offer them?
I wanted to top up my account and it doesn't look like it worked
Can I get an auto Top-up?
I would like to reactivate my card that I previously reported lost. I located the card this morning.
The cast deposit from a week ago still is not in my account. Why?
Can you help me activate my card
What documents do you need to verify my identity?
What do you use to figure out the exchange rate for the card?
I thought I would have received my new card at this point.
How do I dispute a direct debit transaction?
The exchange rate is incorrect on an item I recently purchased in a foreign country.
Help, your app is showing a larger WD than I actually did earlier at an ATM.
Can you tell me how I would go about learning where my funds came from?
I see a transfer fee, but to my understand, that should have been free, what happened?
the exchange rate was different than expected
what cards can i use to add money to my account
What's the pending length for credit transactions? I've had one in my pending category now for days and it won't move to processed.
The ATM keeps declining my Transaction . I tried two different ATMs already can you please check if everything is okay with my account?
I tried to get money out of an ATM in Notting Hill earlier, but it didn't work. Is my card actually working? It's the first time I tried using it
When will my transfer move from pending to confirmed?
Problem with my top up going through
I would like to receive my salary in a different currency. How does that work?
Is there a top up fee?
What do I do about a debit on my account that I didn't make?
I want a refund for an item
Do you have a children account available?
where is this money from
What ATMs can I use this card at?
How can my new card be renewed?
Why do you keep declining my payment? I tried several times already with this card and it is just not working.
Why did the transfer fail when I attempted to do it earlier?
Hello, in these holidays i have been overcharged on the amount i have withdrawn on one of your ATMs. I did not had any clue about the horrible charges otherwise i would not have withdrawn.
I may need to dispute a Direct Debit payment.
My top up hasn't gone through
What can i pay with out  fees
Where can I use a disposable card?
My payment came back for something i'm trying to buy online? it's been doing it for two weeks.  do you know what the issue is?
I am reluctant to use ATMs international because I don't get an accurate exchange rate
Why am i being charged for withdrawing cash funds?
What is your opinion on the exchange rate?
Why did I get charged extra?
It appears my top-up is still pending.
An ATM swallowed my credit card!
Can I do more than 10 transactions with a disposable card?
I want to add money to my card, what payments do you accept?
Can you tell me what cards and currencies you support?
I need my card ASAP!
Are you available in my country?
I am trying to make a transfer to a different account but they keep getting declined. I have double checked all the details and the information is correct.
What are the reasons why a card payment would be declined?
I got less money than I asked for.
I don't recognize a purchase that was made with my card.
With my credit card i would like to transfer money.
This exchange rate on my purchase is wrong.
The exchange rate you are using is bad.This can't be the official interbank exchange rate.
Will I be charged for receiving money?
What is the most I can top-up?
Can I choose when my card is delivered?
May I transfer a cheque into my account?
The transaction for the cash I pulled out of the ATM earlier is pending in the app, but how if I already have the cash?
I need some help linking my new card.
Is it possible for me to top up with a cheque?
I wanted to withdraw $100 from the ATM but I only got $20
I hate this ATM, it charged me an extra fee, Why did it charge?
I got an unexpected charge on my transfers. How can I correct this?
What if I need to use GBP instead of USD?
Why did you cancel my card payment?
I need assistance addressing a direct debit that I did not do myself.
I have two of the same charges on my account!
Do I need to do anything? My phone was stolen yesterday.
What do I do to activate my new card?
Why was I charged a fee to transfer money?
I have a problem with my account. I tried to transfer some funds and the message came back declined. Can you help me?
How long will the transfer take?
A foreign purchase I made has the incorrect rate applied to it.
A random charge got added to my card
When will my cash withdrawal show/
My card was declined but it shows as multiple charges?
Are there any limits to were my card is accepted?
I received my card. How do I link it to the app?
Tried using my ATM card earlier at one of your locations for the first time.  It didn't work.  What is going on?
An incorrect exchange rate was applied to an item I bought.
How do I change my account details?
What is the reason for my card payment to be reverted?
Why have i been charged a fee for using my card?
Please help me.  I don't know my code to get into the app.
What's the problem? I thought you offered crypto top up. This doesn't appear to be working at all. My money has now vanished from my account.
My cheque is slow to cash
I'm not seeing my cash deposit showing up in my account.
Where did my deposit for my source of funds come from?
I have left my card at my parents house. Can you send me a spare one please to use in the meantime?
Can I change my name?  I am not married.
I tried to pay with my card and it didn't work
How can I the person see my money transaction?
I want a real card
How can I get my money back for a payment i didnt make
What kind of cards an currency do you support?
On my transfer there was a "decline" message
It has been a couple of hours but I do not see my balance updated, can you help?
I did not set up a direct debit I have
My account isn't showing the refund
I need a hand here, I need to top up cash.
Am I able to add money into my account using my American Express?
I tried to get money out of the Notting Hill ATM earlier, but wasn't able to. Is my card working okay? It's the first time I tried using it.
My phone got stolen, how can I use the app?
Why has my card payment not yet been applied to my account?
Please help, the atm swallowed my card, what do I do?
I should only have one charge, but it shows two.
Please tell me why I would have to pay a fee for a recent payment. Thanks.
Am I able to do top-ups with Google Pay?
The passcode isn't working for me.
Can I have more disposable cards?
Why wont the ATM give me cash?
Can you transfer money to your card by bank transfer?
What can I do about a direct debit transaction on my card that I didn't make?
Why hasn't my top up gone through?
I'm wanting to get a Visa card today.
My husband and I went out for our weekly "dinner and a movie," and it was my turn to pick up the check. Now I see that my card was charged twice. Who should I contact about negating the second charge and getting my card credited?
How would my friend be able to send me money?
I have the cash already, my account still shows up as pending.  How can my account be still pending?
I am having trouble finding the top-up card verification code.
I just got my new card, how do I activate it?
the money i transferred didnt arrive
Can I already use my account although the identity verification has not passed yet?
Please provide me with the restrictions of the disposable cards.
Do I need to convert my currency from GBP before transferring?
i need to know about exchange rates
The atm wouldn't give out cash
What currencies are supported?
Can i get money back in my home currency at  ATM? As I am on holiday and bit concerned because i do not have any cash with me . Is it possible to withdraw without any additional cost.
What does it cost to receive a SEPA transfer?
